 Hey guys, I'm sorry to uh interrupt that fucking weird uh thing that's supposed to be on where everyone's singing from their bedrooms or whatever, it really looks like a bunch of people just having independent nervous breakdowns, kind of seems like a... bummer kind of feels like the world's ending honestly watching it, it's like you, that all all those benefit concers after a big uh uh all those benefit concers after a big disaster are reassuring because they're you know we know oh there's a oh look there's a guy on stage look it's john melemp he's singing and now we've got these people like dressing up in costumes in their starkly undecorated living rooms and just singing and crying, it's just it's disturbing, it's not good, that's for sure, it freaks me the f out, so is everybody going to uh protest to get back to uh, the fuckers or whatever the fuck, cheesecake factory. You know, I talked about that the other day, but I feel like I forgot to point out another thing about those protests, which is that they literally are, they're fucking um, they're they're funded by like cokes and like they're made up of small business owners, I mean it is an economically motivated thing, like get the business back going up. get get things back going so I can make money again and if I get the virus or anybody in my family gets the virus I'll probably be all right if somebody else gets sick I don't know those motherfuckers fuck them so it's not even like they're saying I want to die they want they want other people to die so the people will go to their stores ah and the thing is until these people start dying in any kind of significant numbers they're going to keep thinking it's fake and maybe I mean we'll find out either way right we'll find out one way or another uh Hey, they did invite me on Iran, I'm I'm doing my own thing, uh, uh, no one bad is going to die, I've said this before, and I 100% believe it, no one bad will die of this, because God delights in human suffering, uh, God might not be evil, but he loves human evil, and you can even imagine like, say if you're God, you create the universe, and like especially if there is some sort of eternal afterlife for every spirit in the universe, then what any human being does in life isn't really doesn't matter. you know, you only have a few years, if you're lucky, uh, you're uh, thrown into circumstances beyond your control, uh, like, you know, you're probably going to do more bad than good just, you know, out of uh, out of just because of statistical likeelihood, so if that's the case that everyone eventually is redeemed through, you know, like being put through the rock tumblr of reincarnation or like spiritual scowring in the afterlife or whatever, uh, either way, that god you're going to have a lot of fun watching humans be evil to one another and why would you interven to stop that? why would you interven to stop human evil from happening when it's so fucking funny? i mean it's way funnier than people being nice. what do most movies make up? are movies and entertainment and films and books, are they made up of people being good? no, because that's boring. why would it be boring to god? so nobody good will die, or nobody good will uh, nobody bad will die. he doesn't want to if you know about them and you know they're evil then they're doing way much way to it's like cancelling uh oh boy let's get a little sparse uh that's like cancelling sleep sweek that's like cancelling your top show right before sleep sweek especially since things are going to get real weird real fast hey connor how you doing uh things are going to get insanely weird very very quickly why would you want as many evil people around as possible to just get nutty with it. uh, I will probably be doing asset sometime in the next week uh, buse I got it and I'm bored, but uh, not. yeah, i got to have to wait for the weather to be nice, that's for sure. yeah, they didn't invite me on their stream, they can fuck off, why do i care what they're doing? the real heads are in here with me, see this is a really interesting, this is sort of like how the the stories about how uh, the stories about how like uh, you know at the... or whatever, they would start clapping stalling and it would just keep going because nobody wanted to be the first one to be seen stopping, so they would just keep clapping forever, these people are all, they don't want to be the last one to stop, buse if you're the last one to stop, then what do you what do you not respect our first responders and our healthcare workers? wow, wow. Oh god, people are singing now, someone saw some video from Italy and now they're getting inspired. Who is clapping their cheeks? Oh boy, he's singing a New York New York by uh Santra. Oh boy, oh boy. Oh boy, it's definitely getting weird, it's only going to get weirder, I thought they were going to slowly like taper down over the weeks, but instead it's gotten. intense, it's uh like they're dobling down, what they really clapping for is that there's still supply lines, what they're really clapping for is that they can still turn the lights on and there's a and they'll flip a switch and the light turns on and that the internet still there and that they flush toilet and the ship goes away, that's the really clapping, they're clapping that they don't have to go out there and try to find their own food because none of them would... able to, and I include myself in that number, they're clapping that they're still, the TV still works, you know what I mean, and the thing is that's worth glapping about, because the alternative is not something you want to think about too much if you're this vulnerable, if you're this far from any self-sustaining lifestyle. oh got any more questions here uh prediction for biden cabinets uh i'd say clobakar is probably the clubhouse leader to be vp uh because i really do think that they believe that shit like oh - she's from the mid-west they'll like her then we didn't lose we lost the mid-west so we need one of them uh, which of course ignores the fact that the mid-west is America's Bulcans and all of them hate each other over very, very small disagreements and differences, both mostly around sports teams, uh, wiscons nights hate Minnesota uh, and have no interest in their fucking uh, their political figures and in fact if you someone's from Minnesota will probably say the other thing, uh, honestly, just uh, out of spite, uh, hate people from Illinois as well, michiganders of course, hate people from Ohio and vice versa. everyone hates Indiana everyone and for good reason uh there's no there's no solidarity there at the state at beyond the state level so she uh she's all she's going to do you is help you win a state you already won last time with Hillary by slightly more congratulations morons how am i supposed to get sun exactly how's that supposed to work you fucking dickheads. It's been too cold too, when it gets warm i'll just be back here baking my brain probably after the time, that's too fucking cold, Uh, which state is the worst? I was in oh uh Indiana is in the running uh Indiana is like basically has no. features to it and uh the funny thing is is Amber for example who live grew up there would agree with me uh there is no question about that uh Wisconsin I I honestly feel like since since Walker got in Wisconsin might have been doomed Wisconsin might have been ruined rount is I say in the dark tower series and I have to say that Minnesota as much as I hate it and have a visceral hated. from my childhood uh for it and because it's uh I resent their hegemonic luthernism not spiced in with any fun uh uh uh party Bavarians and and Irish or polacks um but goddamn it they're doing better so I got to have I put Minnesota above Wisconsin as much as I hate to say it but those two and then a big drop off. Minnesota has the cohens, but Wisconsin has Arrison Wells and who pray tell uh is the uh, is the Minnesota Liberacci? Prince, I don't want the Rona man, someone's telling me not to get it, buddy, who are you talking to? I've not been licking light bulbs, light bulls. I've been trying to avoid it, there's a chance I had an asymptomatic case earlier this year, because we were in we were in California during the out height of the outbreak and we're almost positive will had it after the end of the tour and we were together that whole same time, very hard to imagine that we didn't both get it, so I could be a lucky asymptomatic guy, but I'm not going to. find out like by randomly getting uh getting nutty with it, perish the thought, all right guys, before i'm going to do some more questions uh with some more questions, i'm going to look in here what we got, but first i'm going to do another reading from blood meridian, this uh, i was inspired to read this by uh David. David Brooks who told us uh the other day that the age of coddling is over, that all of you well coddled, swaddled millennial children are finally going to be have to confront reality and all of its horrors and all of its sharp fangs and and teeth and claws, which of course coming from a absolutely soft boiled egg of a man, a fucking vanilla suuflet with a come over, a man it's never had to work. a day in his life at any meaningful job, a man who has never produced, a man who has never worked by the sweat of his brow for a moment, a man who is wildly overcompensated to flatter the uh the the egos of uh the wealthiest people in this country, he is essentially a court jester for concentrated wealth, that's all he is, someone who would die in the fucking woods if they were left there overnight, and just the thought. he is our like he is our judge uh Holden was very humorous to me so just imagine uh David Brooks is saying this instead of the judge in fact maybe I'll remember to say that instead they grew gaunted and lank under the white sons of those days and their hollow burnout eyes were like those of non non ambulance surprised by day knocked ambulance fuck let me try again they grew gaunted and lank under the white sun of those days and their hollow burned out eyes were like those of nucambulance surprised by day. crouchched under their hats, they seemed fugitives on some grander scale, like beings of whom this uh for whom the sun hungered. even David Brooks grew silent and speculative. he had spoken of purging oneself of those things that lay claim to a man, but the body receiving his remarks counted themselves well done with any claims at all. they rode on and the wind drove the fine great dust before them and they rode. army of graybeards, gray men, gray horses, the mountains to the north lay sunwise and corregated folds and the days were cool, and the nights were cold, and they sat about the fire each in his round of darkness, in that round of dark, while the idiot watched from his cage at the edge of the light, David Brooks cracked with the back of an ax the shinbone of an antelope and the hot marrow dripped smoking on the stones. they watched him, the subject was war. the good book says that he lives by the sword. perished by the sword, said the black. David Brook smiled, his face shining with grease. What right man would have it any other way? he said. "the good book does indeed count war and evil," said Irving, yet, there's many a bloody tale of war inside it, it makes no difference what men think of war," said David Brooks, war endures, as well ask men what they think of stone, war was always there, before man, war waited for him, the ultimate traid awaiting its ultimate practitioner, that is the way it was and will be, that way and not some other way, he turned to Brown, from whom he'd heard some whispered slurr or murror ah davy he said it's your own trade we honor here why not rather take a small bow let each acknowledge each my trade certainly what is my trade war is your trade is it not and ain't it yours mine too very much so what about all them notebooks and bones and stuff all other trades are contained in that of war is that why war endures? no it endurs because young men love it. and old men love it in them, those that fought, those that did not, that's your notion. David Brook smiled, men are born for games, nothing else, every child knows that play is nobler than work, he knows too that the worth or merit of a game is not inherent in the game itself, but rather than the value of that which is put at hazard. Games of chance require a weger to have any meaning at all, games of sport involve the skill and the strength of the opponents and the humiliation of defeat and the pride of victory are in themselves sufficient stake because they'... in here in the worth of the principles and defined them, but trial of chance or trial of worth, all games aspire to the condition of war, for here that which is wagered swallows up game player all. supposed to men cards with nothing to wage or save their lives. Who has not heard such a tail, a turn of the card, the whole universe for such a player has labored clanking to this moment, which will tell if he is to die or that man's hand or that man. and his, what more certain validation of a man's worth could there be, this enhance enhancement of the game to its ultimate state, admits no argument concerning the notion of fate, the selection of one man over another is a preference absolute and irrevocable, and it is a doll man indeed who can reckon so profound a decision without agency or significance either one, in such games as have for their stake the annihilation of the defeated the decisions are quite. clear, this man holding this particular arrangement of cards in his hand is thereby removed from existence. this is the nature of war, whose stake is at once the game and the authority and the justification. seen so, war is the truest form of divination, it is the testing of one's will and the will of another within that larger will, which because it binds them is there forced to select. war is the ultimate game because war is at last of forcing. of the unity of existence, where is God? Brown studied the judge, you're crazy, holden, crazy at last, David Brooks smiled, damn i hadn't read that in a while, that's pretty good, mccarty is pretty good, you got to give it to him, it's a bummer he'll never get the nobel. once they gave it to dillen, there was no way i was going to go to another white male American uh in the next like 30 years. well, yep, there's a real powerful point there where he says work will never be as noble as play, and what that really gets that is the notion of human labor and activity put to one's own end. or to the ends of an employer, like alienated labor and free existence, like that is like one of those like end-stage marxist concepts that you don't hear a lot of talk about because it's very speculative and metaphysical almost, but the really is a notion and marxism that once you have removed uh the need to uh exploit labor away from one's own ends uh to maintain life like through the socialization of the means of production and and the share. of the surplus result of that, that anything you do is not like any anything you've ever done, it's not like anything we do, because everything we do is induced, induced by coersion, and that induced coersion poisons every action we take, and alienates us from them, and soly poisons us against them, and marx, the end state of marxism in is one in which that does is replaced by pure action, devoid of coersion, purely. we are able to thrive and do what we want and do something to try to achieve victory, like that is really the the goal, the goal of of of communism is to make that the uh rule rather than the very very rare exception to human life, so there you go, drop some theory on you guys, boom, didn't mean to do that, didn't mean to drop - on you guys, i should have said more about that with the debate with virgil honestly, because gaming culture really does poison something that really should be powerful, like the idea of of play and games is like the end state, the most noble state, and you can argue that a lot of these meat gamers have achieved something similar to that, in that they are gaming with their time and they're not induced to do so because they live off their parents, but it's a cruel. parity of it because it's bound up in exploitation and it makes it impossible to game basically this this simulacra of gaming, this cruel mockery of gaming gives us only a taunting uh uh with what could be gaming uh and only instead refies exploitation within the industry and the creation of the commodity form gaming is commodity so there you go boom theory putting up some theory time. ah all right let's see what questions we got oh these are some good ones uh i'm just going to say this somebody says who's the funniest person to die of the virus obviously Trump, the funniest and the answer to anything of like who's the funniest is trump, which is why it might happen, scrolling like a ho bag here, i can't find anything, this is an interesting one, uh, if the us loses power in the world when another country step in and do the same, uh, that's a really interesting. question because I honestly don't know if it's possible and it really does make me feel like a lot of the uh I feel like a lot of the uh that's what happens when you try to make friendship oh oh oh shit uh shit I forgot what I was saying all right um so right now we have a situation where um the US is like long-term strategic posture is all about um uh defending keeping them. interest preeminent basically like making America's interest the interest of world institutions right, like that's the long-term goal, and that's what like the containing China is for and all that stuff, but the US spells such a unique role militarily that I don't know if anyone has the capacity to take it back, like we talk about the Chinese military, the Chinese military, even though it might have more people than us in it, it might have like a larger number of troops. oops in terms of it's like weapons systems and shit, it's fucking fraction, we have 11 aircraft carriers, we have 11 aircraft carriers, i think China has two, i got to check. I think China has, China has too, I was right, we have and we and we run the currency, and the thing is is that China isn't in a position to to be us cuuse buse cuz being being obviously there's some there's huge benefits to being um uh like the world currency like the US is, but one thing that it makes the US is it makes it the consumer of last research. if you're the reserved currency at the end of the day it's up to you to consume everything like the the runoff from every one's like uh bilateral uh interactions like trade interactions and the thing is is that uh what that does over time is it undermines America's uh like internal uh chain of uh internal uh viability is like a producer like that's why we had deindustrialization That's one of the big reasons we had deindustrialization because um uh because we had to be the consumer. we needed we're going to trade jobs for cheapness because once because you can only maintain like the story like the story of every country that has like you become a developed economy starts with protectionism right? like everyone agrees with that, but now you have economists to say like well yeah maybe that's that was true then but now it isn't and so new countries don't get to do that uh and and and a countries do do it should really stop, but as soon as you get rid of that protectionism and you're the fucking buyer of last resort, that's the end of your fucking buil, i mean that's why we're so horribly exposed now because so much stuff doesn't even come out of here, stuff stuff doesn't get built here, because that's not what we're here for, we're here to consume it, we're not here to make it, um, and that is uh, in the long-term bad, so whatever, anyway uh, but what has left us with is this massive military that still has to take a role and like i think the worst thing maybe worst is that like China basically joins in and gets to co-decide this shit like instead of the US dictating China gets to like co-dictate and maybe even with the America's like America maintaining the figure head position something like that but with China like a place at the table I think that's more realistic because they don't want the job that we have. no, they wouldn't want to have to blow that much of their GDP on fucking useless trinkets like we do, they like to just use ours like the saudis do, so we're still going to have a roll, it's just we're we're going to be less uh, less central to the decision making process, so there you go, that's what I think would happen, it would be more like a unipolar thing, and like guys like uh Matt stoler are terrified of the chinese taking over, but like I'm sorry, the the interest. are trans, their interests are the interests of their ruling elite in both countries, those interests are intersecting, regardless of anything you have to say about nation states and like how we need a new cold war or any of this bullshit, the interest of those two groups are constant, they're coming together, you see the way that like the peter teals of the world are uniting like chinese style uh uh social media uh surveillance mechanisms uh uh bringing to the US. even though they're supposed to be a libertarians, because they don't maintaining private property is going to require more and more uh coersive measures against the population to keep them from trying to take their shit, because they're going to have all of it, and there's going to be some point where people realize there's more of us than there are of them, and that's why these libertarians need these very coersive state institutions and technologies to keep them away from it, and that's that's true whether you're a high, you're a big wig in the Chinese. communist party or you're fucking one of the coke brothers or you're robert mercer or you're the fucking queen of England it's all the same fucking interests all the same interests home boys and girls oh hell yeah feeling it tonight guys might put this one on uh on youtube people are watching these on youtube i see that i'm really excited i got to say i love it big fan uh, my hair is looking really really, i'm fucking looking like a old garry oldman as dracula, just fucking egg head, absolute egg head, what a freak, oh boy. uh so get this guys, i was joking about how i was starting to think about cut shaving my head just out of uh out of uh quarantine boardom uh and the thing is is that i didn't realize that i had had a hair home hair cutting kit like you know for cutting it yourself cuuse it's more i just hate having to go to the hair cuttery uh and i it's like oh man i'm just going to shave my head but then i realized oh no i uh i lost it in the move from the last place to this plays damn oh well i guess i won't share my head and then while we were rearranging stuff in this house we found a box from somebody from like before we lived here where have been like misdelivered and this is like years later and it opened it and it was a fucking home uh clipper that's kid that's k man i i mean i am on the wheel of ka uh i i must uh all things serve the beam so i think at some point i'm going to get I'm going to get zooted and I'm going to shave my head so steer ready for that very disturbing and I guarantee you unpleasant sight but I can already kind of see what it would look like and it looks like. shit oh it looks bad, i'm going to have to get a hat at the same time that i do it cuz i'm going to need a backup plant. not good folks, how you guys living? how's everybody doing? uh, is Trump the last US president, at this point i would say maybe there's a 10 to 15% chance that yes that's the case, if i was nateh that um, we got some real centrifical forces operating right now uh that look like they could genuinely destabilize a lot of longstanding institutions that might be a lot more brittle than we think they are uh because they were never meant to see this guy to stress. uh, I see compounding crisis, I feel the likelihood of a military takeover uh, being realistic, and the idea of that creating fracture uh, in opposition to it, you're sort of a late medieval, like crisis of the third century type deal, I don't think it's outside the realms, the question then becomes like, do we have a diocletian, does diacletian show up or does it just spin out into nothing? much to ponder, much to consider, i don't know, i don't know, oh man, after talking about that, somebody wants to know, what about the argument about voting blue for the supreme court, that's just adorable, the people think those are the stakes of the moment, are are we going to lose five four or 6x3? oh god, are they going to close the one uh abortion clinic still opened in the in below the mason dixon line? oh my god, this is like, these are the questions of the moment, not will our fucking systems be able to sustain the pressure under the're under right now, and whether there's any alternative we can proffer to just uh terminal decline, which is not outside the possibility, it's happened before. bloody secure societies that thought they had the world by the balls from themselves very quickly disabused of that fucking notion, it just feels impossible because everything has felt so static our whole lives, and honestly this feels like this feels like it's like one of those movies where the kid has nightmares about like zombies or something and he keeps being keeps waking up and be like, oh god, i thought that was real, it was a dream, and then finally the d is real, that's what this feels like, it feels like we're bringing it to to, we we brought this out upon ourselves with our own uh, we made a collective death wish out of hitting like the cold the sack of human possibility, like we topped out at like niche's last man, it's like we working to escape velocity, whatever version of humanity, there's going to be others, others on this planet, others on other planets and other dimensions, there will be others to get it right, but we fucked the dog, we topped out at like niche's last man, didn't get beyond that and then spiritually uh and uh destroyed ourselves and uh destroyed our environment uh, oh well, there we go, maybe that may may then we gave it our shot right, we tried, we tried, but either way, i don't think the supreme court seat is going to be decisive uh, so it's possible that this is the last, he is the last president, yes, it's possible, the last recognized president, there'll probably be presidents, but they won't be, it'll be like popes and anti-popes and it won't be until way later that any of them get officially designated it is having been official, there will be no universally recognized president after Trump, it's a real possibility, because I could see them cancelling the election in November, I could see the military stepping in, if that happens, I could see. i can see, i can see a disputed ballot, i can see trump dying, i could see a lot of stuff, i could see Biden dying, i can see a lot of things, the one thing i just want is give me a debate, i want to watch a debate, i want to see the debate, i'm not going to get too cocky and say give me the sons debate cuz i'm not, none of us could ever deserve that in this life, it's too perfect, that's too much of a gift, i mean my god, uh, but just give me a regular debate a couple of them, just the old. timer is d around on stage, both of them absolutely like zood into the gills, like trump obviously of like a first baselines worth of ateral before going up there like he does. during all the bates and i don't know what gooodu cocktail they've got out biting on, some sort of like medieval pultis that they shove up his ass or like something like some sort of like uh candy flip like psychodelic thing that activated is like mk ultra for conditioning so you could like you turn into a like a perfect wind-up doll i don't know either way let me see it let me see it yeah does it look like i literally am being enlightened like don't you guys just feel the enlightenment vibrating and wafting off, yeah they come out with both of them with the adrenaline needle from pump fiction just sticking out of their chests, they don't even notice it the whole debate, but sadly they probably won't be the debate cuuse this is a dark timeline, not necessarily the darkest, but one of the darker ones, one of the darker toast settings, that's for sure. Oh boy, definitely like on the bottom half of the toast setting dial, you know, you know what I mean, I generally like it a little lighter than that, personally, this is a little too carbony, I'm not a fan, like to just click, click click, give me just a few more, little little a hair, a hair a little like golden brown, oh boy, all right, let's see what else we got. All right, here's a good one, following up a previous question, if the US ever gets bulcanized, which region would you want to live in and why? okay, well, there are strategic and political considerations to go into here, um, California looks very promising to a lot of people because it looks like they have effective governance, it looks like they have a guy who's think even if you think he's creep or Patrick Baitman want to be, he's competent, uh, they have like same uh, political party in charge, they have systems that generally work, they have like, they have very similar governments in power in the areas nearby them, so they don't have to worry about hostility for them, in fact they can join into a cascadia type deal with uh, with Washington and Oregon, but then you think things like, well, where's the water, where are you getting the water from, they're very. vulnerable on that score uh especially southern california uh and then you got the fact that the people are going to want that water are going to be the heavily armed psychos of Arizona they're going to need that water too and they're going to be in probably a stronger defense posture than the california militia if my kurt schlikter uh reading is correct anyway that could be bad the mid-west it's going to bulconize instantly because as i said it's the balcans of America oh I could see somewhere around the Great Lakes cuz there you got water and there are things that are not totally crazy. I kind of hate to say like where I grew up. The problem is is that Wisconsin would immediately devolve into a race war. Uh, there would be a genocidal race war in Wisconsin that would be genuinely horrifying and I would not want to have, I would not want to involve myself in. I would not want to go there to kill uh black people, which is what would happen uh in Wisconsin. So that's not good. I think maybe once again. Maybe Minnesota, maybe Minnesota, shit, buse they got like they got the Mississippi, even if they don't have the lake, and they do have a lake up top, so all right, Minnesota again, damn, it's it's Minnesota might just be the best country, or the best state, and goddamn it, yeah, maybe make Felix the the imperiator, if we could get Felix is like one of the tetrarchs in this new crisis of the third century, I'd be happy to, I would be happy to till... the the uh the uh till the fields in his domain absolutely, he would have my ax, i i would he would have my sword, i would be his vassel, hopefully i could get like a nice thiefdom out of it, little thiefdom ass like maybe in the northwoods of Wisconsin which is really cool, just a little thieftum where you get out somebody like you, the local peasants they bring me you know a game boy uh they bring me maybe you know just like some pizzas a certain number of like big wheels of cheese, uh, smoked hams, that kind of shit, old time, you know, just like a little feudal lord guy, just let me do that, please, felix, that's all, and then yes, if I have to go to war, we have to go to war with Wisconsin or fend off uh Canadians, uh, then yes, we will uh have to join your militia, of course, and provide, almost in the form of a combat as nights, certainly I would never. picking the northeast in any way, good lord, nightmare region, awful, just the instant die off would be terrifying, oh I don't even like thinking about it. We love our future lords, don't we folks, we love to be the we love to be surfs, we love to work at the olive garden, and then give the money to the boss, they love it, they love it, they love working at the garden that I own, dead ass, dead ass indeed, dead ass. will I be doing these rants live at the thema camp? I certainly hope so uh presumably that these guys are smart uh uh if these guys are smart uh they're going to give you like a room for fake descent so that you could be molified which is always like that's what the chinese need to learn from us and they will when this cooperation happens it's going to bend both ways like we're going to get more authoritarian but the Chinese are going to loosen up because they're going to see first hand as they cooperate with us oh my god that this first amendment shit, like letting them talk bent on the internet and like complain about you and make up conspiracies and shit, it it it poses no threat, it's it's a total, it it's a steam vent for all their anger, it all gets pissed away into nothing and then they start building little uh totally arbitrary uh uh factions and start fighting each other and then they don't even notice you're there, it's the best and that's what going to be the final resolution of that dialectic, it's be like sino-american corporatism, so that's my prediction, sino american corporatism, brought to you by Amazon and alibaba, all right guys, i thought that was pretty good, uh, i think i'm going to get uh Chris to put this one up uh, buse this was fun, i feel like we got some to some interesting metaphysical questions and stuff, we don't always get it on to in these, i'm feeling. uh, I'm feeling vital, I'm feeling vital, I kind of want to write now, I want to write something, uh, but thank you guys for hanging out with me, I might hang out for a little bit more, the food's not ready, we're having fried chicken, smells delicious, all right guys, sleep well, uh, get ready uh to uh labor uh on for the glory of the American. republic uh and the uh Chinese communist party for which it stands. Bye-bye.