 All right, tell me if you can hear me, I have no idea, I if you guys can't hear me at all, I'm going to just have to plug off, I'm just trying to shoot, I have a i had a... issue today, i'm i have i'm not able to use my microphone, can you hear me at all or does this just tell me if i can't hear if you can't hear me i'll just turn it off this is a test basically if you can hear me or not can you hear me just tell me somebody tell me if you can hear me oh good thank goodness because uh i'm having to i things ran late and uh my phone was not charged, i thought it had been charging and it wasn't charging, and so i have to have it plugged into my computer, which i was means i can't play use my microphone, so uh, you're assuming, i'm assuming you're hearing me over the uh laptop microphone, so whatever it is, i'm happy that it's working, so uh, i think that uh the fym guys said they were going to do a uh bail fund charity stream starting at seven, i think they're going to do that now at 8 uh and i absolutely encourage anyone to keep watching them, have fun with their high jinks spoofs and goofs and uh kicking some money if if you can and if you think it's the right thing to do. this is the most technologically uh advanced move i've ever pulled while trying to do this job, whatever you want to call. I believe FYM stands for fuck you mean like a thing that dumb guys say instead of what the fuck do you mean just fuck you mean so it looks like we're getting amyant any kobent any Joseph cony any cony dog. uh barret 50 caliber in the senate in the, I honestly think they should just get it over with, because it's just going to be annoying, the whole thing is going to be very annoying, no one everyone knows that she's going to get confirmed, just just do it, do it tomorrow, one vote, because I'm honestly, why would I want to listen to any more of this? It was bad enough in the fucking cavanaw hearings, my god, everybody convinced themselves that that was some sort of meaningful like a rubicon being crashed, as though anybody has any retention. of anything for longer than five fucking minutes amyant so what's up guys, what's going on? i wasn't online today, my phone died, i was that far from my phone, so i don't know what i'll happen, besides people uh ritual. the sacrificing lambs in front of the corps of ruth bater Ginsberg, what else has been going on? i saw clappy stupid bastards and that swag, see that swag, that's what Hillary didn't have, and that's why more than anything, I think, I mean besides incumbency, working against Trump this time, uh, I think that's what could save him and make him beat Trump, is is that he's got that Trump swag, which Hillary never. Oh yes, Ron Paul also had a stroke on the middle of a live stream, which I hope to do one day, I mean that's a true uh, that's a demise of a true online posters poster, right, to go down while uh, while vlogging, it's that's when you die like that, you get to go uh to the feasting banquets of uh asgard. you get uh so - apparently he didn't die though which is too bad for him honestly because if he had died he would right now he would be at a table with Murray Rothbard uh uh uh hiak uh van mises uh and they would all just be wailing on poor people with paintball guns while just eating ordalon like chicken nuggets. because he died posting, he died posting for the ideas, for the crack-headed idiot ideas of libertarianism, the i don't think Hans hermenhop is dead actually. so he wouldn't be there yet uh oh yes irand also there god imagine if people actually were the way the libertarians say that they are how would we have a how would there be anything you are only able to have that kind of delusion because you are so deeply embedded in a social network that has been abstracted away from you in terms of your day-to-day life and has been replaced by like technological stand-ins and symbolic standins for a social order can you possibly get this schizophrenically insane idea in your head. yeah, no, uh, the world is me. even though I'm thinking these words with a language that I didn't invent even though I'm only alive because people didn't fucking sell me or take my organs when I was literally defenseless. And to earlier generations it would have been nonsensical, but once you've turned society into these symbols and removed it from your day-to-day experience. you can go off on any kind of insane tangents and then the internet comes around and it makes all those tangents not only seem uh non insane but in fact rational because what's this? we're all acting on this internet computer box the way that we are imagined to act in the market. we are individuals relating to one another, relating ideas across a neutral uh public platform and buying and selling our wares uh and ourselves and our uh and finding our amusements there and all for a price, if that's your life, if the internet is your life, it's no wonder so many of these people are fucking deluted libertarians, because why would if this is your model, if if the model for human society is not actual human society, it is human society dimly reflected onto the internet, how the hell are you ever supposed to come to any other conclusion? somebody's talking about how we didn't think unemployment run out, i'm telling you though, it was always like uneemployment will run out and then the shit will hit the fan, i think if anybody, i think the assumption that it wouldn't run out came from assuming that we had more, just like running doing the Bernie campaign assuming that there was more, there was more uh resistance left in the band or uh a tread in the tires of of of like an actual organizable, self-motivating social form in America, doesn't mean we won't make one, doesn't mean the times won't help create one, but it certainly isn't here yet. Oh, it got stuck, got uh, got a got a passion fruit to Lacroy here. It is amazing how Lacroy, I don't know how it happened, was it the name, might have been just the name, was able to be the... a brand that captured a social phenomenon that had nothing to do with it or its product, had to do with uh just demographics, millennials turned 30, millennials turned 30, they couldn't drink as much empty calories as they used to without their asses getting larger, and so they switched to celter, and lacroy was the brand that turned that into a meme and not just a defeat, your giving into your bodies decrepito and then it took over the whole thing and then it took over alcohol, but it all started with the reacroy, and now you go to a grocery store, lacroy is more expensive than the other brands and it's not better, like i think polar is much better, polar's got way more bubbles, but nobody thinks why is it more expensive, why is look expensive, it's like no, it makes sense, it makes sense. Look at that, look at that 80's design, look at that vapor wave, that is some vapor wave shit, is that what vapor wave sounds like? I don't know. Wow, I love that you guys can hear me so well, I didn't even have to buy that goddamn uh microphone, I could have just plugged the thing into the computer, nope. I'd say the most grill-pilled Sopranos character would be lil Carmine just in the sense that he uh he didn't push it, it's like you could be the don, he's like, oh, let's see, then does it work out, he's like, uh, never mind, he does, he just isn't driven by a a manic uh, need to to claim a throne that only puts a target on his back. Who are the musketins? the musketings if you want to be uh, if you want to be glib about it were the first proud boys of course difference was is that it was there were actual stakes and it wasn't pure uh pure entertainment uh. they were uh, they were the children of the upper middle class, not the gentry, not the old aristocracy, but of the right-wing bourgeois, who went in the streets in in finery, and with with jewels and walking sticks and perfumed uh crovats, and would beat up uh and attack and sometimes kill and castrate uh uh republicans, Jacobs. They were part of the thermodorian uh suppression of left-wing sentiment, which was the first of a number of pivots that the directory did over its five years, where it would essentially play wackamoll, it would suppress the left and cozy up to the right and molify the right, but then the right would become overweeningly powerful and begin making... uh uh uh threats to gain power either through a coup or through the legislature and then they would suppress the right and big up the left and then the left would get too big for its britches that's why it was doomed uh the cenator could not hold there from going to fill the gap and it ended up being Napoleon who was a truly dialectical figure in the sense that he was the synthesized embodiment of the entire political spectrum at that point and the moment, history on horseback as higel, because his his reign uh was a was filled with ratifying the meritocratic uh and and enlightenment like um uh government and uh concepts. uh and and and and he enforced like secularization of um of like the bureaucracy that the republic had instituted, but then he created a hereditary monarchy with with all of the pomp and structures and circumstance of the old royalty, and it turns out if the money is still being made and if the battles are still being won, that's really all anybody Right really wanted, especially once he made the conquered out with the Vatican. I don't think there's a monkey out there, I think it's a chip squirrel or something. man, yeah, it's it's loud out here, we got helicopters, we got some sort of shreaking ape. Uh, someone was asking about that clip that was just being put around a while back about uh Michael Hannicky saying that it's immoral to do entertainment about the holocaust and shiller's list was immoral. The thing about hannocky is he is he is an artist second, he's a moralist first, and that doesn't mean he's a bad artist or that his work isn't bad, it is, it's just that's not a guy that I'm gonna co-2 for any real questions of uh of of like artistic. aesthetic, aesthetic imperatives. cancels oh my god trump's not gonna cancel the election and i have noticed by the way that ever since trump had his uh thing where he said we're gonna get rid of the ballonts bye-bye ballots uh and people have been shitting ribbons ever since then it must be a protest or something i'm guessing uh they're shitting rivits uh at the idea of aku, some situation where he just says, like that Atlantic monthly article apparently outlined an idea where they're just going to tell the state legislators to pick their own slate of the such the republican state legislatures are going to be asked to just pick their own slate of uh of pro Trump electorars to go and cast their boats which they can do like they can do. that you know like the the electoral college does not actually have anything in it about the electors being chosen by elections in the state, it just says that they will be chosen by the states uh and in the past that has meant state legislatures and they could just do that again, you know, but even though that could technically be legal, i think it would be such a breach that it would be in the realm of what people are worried about, or at least what they really think they worried about think about when they talk about this stuff, some sort of uh, you know, tanks in the streets moment where this uh, the state of sige has been in instituted and the constitution is null and void, i think that could that could lead to that, uh, but then a lot of people seem to be backing off from that maximal position saying, no, what if it, like more realistically, and it's like, okay, now we're talking, what if it's just like florida 2000 all over again, and to which i say, then he won the election, because you can talk about how that's illegitimate, well guess what, the 2000 election was illegitimate, no one did anything about it, so that's standard, that can't be coup territory anymore, that can't be the rules have changed, that can't be it's running man now, that can't be, this is our apocalyptic moment, this is our apotheosis, i'm sorry, if it's just a little more blatant version of florida 2000, then it's just he won the election, and people will wine about it and there'll be some protests, but it'll be like 200, so if that's what you're talking about, then they're not really talking about a cu. fucking chris hay said that the difference between those two things is semantic, it's like okay, i'll accept that premise, but that means that we haven't had a legitimate fucking government in this country since 2000, we just let that go, and you have to reckon with the fact that that has been absorbed into the system and no one in any significant number decided to to mount the barricades in defense of democracy then, so how are they going to do it now in similar circumstances? just because i mean, yeah, people are mattered, people are saddered, people our lives are worse as americans in general than they than they were in 2000, but we're even more atomized, even more confused, even, i mean, my god, the internet was pets.com and dancing hamster in 2000, now it's our brains. You know what, somebody asked a very weird question, the kind of question I usually ignore in these chats, like kind of the left field ones, but I thought it was really interesting because I had an immediate thought when when he when I read it, which was it said, "who was the most cursed picture of a politician?" and I was obviously a ton of contenders, but the one that uh immediately came to my mind without me even thinking about it, my first..." thought actually was oh how am i going to pick and then i just saw it you guys won't remember this and i'm wondering if i should like if i can show you on the screen here because you're not going to have seen this most of you you fucking fetuses in this chat will not have seen this because it's from 2004 when John carry was running against George Bush and election that i was wildly wildly emotionally invested in uh hilariously cuz yeah the stakes now are supposed to be so much higher and i care basically 0% as much as i did in 2004 uh so it was him uh visiting a nuclear facility i think uh it was some sort of clean clean room some sort of technological clean room that he was and he was crawling through a tube a white tube and he was wearing a white uh containment suit and his and his his nose is like this and he looked like a bunny rabbit, it was the it's the closest thing a political, a presidential candidate has done to appearing is as a furry, is somebody putting it in the... chat, i bet someone is, i bet a a helpful, a helpful, all right, i'm back, i don't know why that happened, it's very irritating, i don't know why that happens when that happens, it literally just froze and dropped me off of the call, off of the broadcast, uh, it's because Trump is trying to uh stop the truth from coming out or biden. somebody, i don't know, but yes, the bunny suit photo, there's just something about his face that fills me with revulsion at myself for having ever cared about him being president, at him for what a disgusting creeton and uh spineless little twirp he became in his life uh, also just a general embarrassment for the country that we have our fucking presidential candidates do this child is bullshit, that's how the level of our discourse. a bunch of just easily amused toddlers, it's it's a very, it's a bummer man, i know i wasn't online, i'm i was not talking into the void, i saw it knock me off. he wasn't just secretary of state john carry, he was he was decent, he actually did the Iran deal, he did the uh the cuban entry, the cuban reopening, which of course is now dead, but he actually had, I mean he was much better than Hillary Clinton, but obviously still very bad in any absolute sense, not going to watch Riley Scott's bullshit robot show, I've had enough of this motherfucker and... fucking robots, how many fucking times is this motherfucker going to make a fucking movie about fucking robots? what is he so fascinated with? it's not that interesting man, it's like it's not that much of an artistic an interesting artistic trope, i just don't think so, at this point, especially not the way he's done done it, like what is his insight in all these movies, what is the insight he have go beyond like, i don't know which what of us is actually the machine or whatever the fuck, what is he actually bringing to this conversation about? the the nature of consciousness or whatever the fuck, the idea that he was snuck into without mentioning it, the idea that he snuck into um prometheus that the aliens, the alien uh space jackey people, the big buff, pale albino guys, they came to earth, they they seated human. life on earth and then one of them came down to earth to like make us stop being jerks to one another and that was Jesus and then after we killed Jesus they decided to send the uh a a a species extincting pod of aliens to wipe us out and as punishment. Yeah, it is in the movie, I'm sorry, you, it's not said that explicitly, but it said, there's one point where they're like looking at at the hieroglyphics or something, and David is saying, it's like, this was supposed to depart 2,00 years ago, now what happened 2,00 years ago that would make the aliens send an alien pod to wipe out humanity that they created, who was around back then, and you might think that's dumb, yeah, that's Ridley Scott, he's a dumball, he's a dummy. Biden is focusing on Venezuela and shit cuz he wants to win Florida, it's what they always. now of course, yes, they want to overthrow these governments, yes, this is long-term interest in the United States to see all all uh potential opposition certainly sitting on top of anything like Venezuela's oil wealth, largest proved oil reserves in the world, that that imperative is going to be persist regardless of who's in power, but Biden is talking about it as much as he is to try to get Florida. I got to say the stoned ape theory makes a lot more sense to me now than it used to be, you know, because the things exist right, and uh... all this shit exists in nature and it interacts with human nervous system and perceptive apparatus and people are going to they're going to take it at some point and enough of them take it at the right moment and you have that that leap and not the only thing that would have led to human human consciousness evolving of course but but i think it like a one thread in a in a tapestry of of phenomena that drove human. humanity to that point uh, but I think like the genetic bottle neck point, I think that had a lot to do with it too, the fact that it one that all humans evolve are are direct descendants, we're not direct descendants, but eventual descendants of about 5,00 human beings who survived a a uh a massive uh climate catastrophe in in Africa, that had something to do with it. but I do and I also like it because it is a materialist, it's a materialist explanation for spirituality, like the universe is a whole, the universe is a fully conscious to the degree that it is, it functions, being, and then we showed up for one reason or another, maybe because of the coevolution with other species that had chemicals, some people theorize that some mushrooms uh have that effect on people because it makes people less likely to destroy them or something, i don't know, but whatever it is, it would be a, it would be an actual like material intervention into a natural ecosystem, a a equilibrium, a homeostasis creating an imbalance and over development of perception among one subspecies of animal that then just went basically insane, which we have been ever since just screaming, jibbering, deluted maniacs, because we are all essentially trapped by a delusion, a disociative state, and that is of separate individual consciousness, that is the essential. cosis of human of human existence. Why do I think uh, do I think politicians pooping their pants is more common occurrence than they let on? Well, considering that they don't they barely ever let it on, uh, like Jerry Nadler just you know that he just dropped anchor right, like it wasn't like a shark, it wasn't a uh, it wasn't a little trickle, it was like, it was thanksgiving dinner in his fucking uh... underwear because he just immediately starts shoveling off stage, doesn't and they're in the middle of their stupid presentation, he had business to attend to, and hey, i don't judge the man, but i do think that uh, i mean for one thing he's 75, another thing he had got lap band surgery, he used to be much bigger uh, and he had lap band surgery, so i'm sure his gi truck is an absolute uh, it's a nightmare realm, it's his intestines are like ... uh the fucking the the uh highway system in the mad max movies uh but yeah no biden to get back to cap fuck uh clap fuckers just think that's so alpha compared to please clap right? It's the opposite, it's Chad, it's Chad, it's Chad the way that Trump was Chad against Hillary, and you could make an argument that the best predictor in the modern era of who will win the presidency is who's cooles, buse who is cooler, Hillary or Trump? Well, that's a no brainer. Who is cooler? Obama or Romney, again, no brainer. Who's cooler? Obama or McCain, no fucking brainer. Who's? cooler George W. Bush or John Carry, we fucking know the answer to that one, don't we folks? Who's cooler than uh, who's cooler between Bush and Al Gore once again, the Clinton was and Dole? Bush is not cool, but Bush was cooler than Dukakus. Dukakus was a little uh stiff, I mean he had the fucking picture behind the thing. Uh, Bush look came off as sort of a like a a pencilneck geek, but he also had a real patrician Gravitos because he was like the the absolute serulian blooded American like uh wasp establishment, like he's a personification of like a deep American. money the original American capitalist, so that kind of resonated off. Reagan of course cooler than Monday, cooler than Carter, Carter was cooler than uh Ford. Nixon versus Humpfrey is such an insane uncool off, because you think Nixon wasn't cool, my god, Hubert H Humpfrey was an absolute spazz, just he had, he had kid in the front of the class putting his hand up because he knows all the answers energy, and it was it was cringe and his name was Hubert. Linda Johnson wildly cooler than barry fucking goldwater uh like fucking bill Buckley types try to act like oh he's epically cool and I'm sure there are shirts you can get with gold water and he's got sunglasses on it's like oh epic and yeah he was a rancher and all that shit but he was a square he uh there's a in before the storm rick pearlsteen's first book which is about largely the 64 campaign he talks about how these group these uh crowds of juiced up young conservatives like uh the young American for freedom types, the people who burned you know uh uh the they did the first like dumping the French wine out thing and that they would hold bonfires of soviet made products and they would be there these young right exeberants cheering on uh the speech and there be somebody to come out and give a stem-winding opener and then goldwater would come out and the the room would just die, he had no charisma at all. he was chosen because he was the ideological heart of conservativism in the elected uh federal government, he had no charisma, linder Johnson had a dick he called jumbo, he had a fucking aquacar that he would drive people into lakes with without them knowing it was an aquacar. he wasn't a terribly uh powerful speaker either, but he certainly had some swagger in his personal uh interactions, whereas goldwater was very... much a a nerd uh and that's one of the reasons he played being a rancher so hard because he was such a fucking nerd uh i mean he was like a he was an amateur pilot and cb radio enthusiast and if he'd been like middle class he would have just been a nerd but the fact that he was you know the millionaire cyon of a department store dynasty in Arizona meant that he could play both he could be he could be a nerd on the prayer and then of course JFK famously is more cool than Nixon. JFK won because of Sam Jeankana, Bill Daily and his coolness. Isenhower is cooler than Adley Stevenson. Truman is cooler than Dewy. Dowy got murdered because Eliar Roosevelt - I think it was one of the Rosevelts, I think Alice maybe said that Thomas Dewy looked like the little man on the wedding kick, he got a little mustache that. is 1948 version of just an annihilation, that's that's you're done after that, FDR was cooler than anybody he ran against obviously, and Biden is, even though his pants are filled with shit in any given moment and he doesn't even know where he is, that is given him a ease with himself, and that is what coolness is after all, it's just ease with oneself, that's what people are picking up when they say someone's cool, they mean that they are not in a state of anxiety relative to themselves or the people around them, and I think that both, and and both Trump and Trump and Biden's coolness is largely powered by their senility at this point, it's why they're like Trump is obviously a uh incredible narcissist and more importantly a deeply needy man who needs to be reassured at all points that, but uh, his public persona is one of absolute certainty uh, because as much as he might be crave the approval of others, he has no instinct to tack towards anyone, he just is himself, and then if you don't like it, he gets mad at you, so I think though Biden might be cooler, Biden might be thinking about it in this terms, like if it's buse Trump is insecure in a way Biden doesn't seem to be, well unless it's about being perceived as to the left in any way, Biden is incredibly neurotic about that, he will tell you, uh, I beat the socialist, I fucking got in the time machine and killed Rose of Luxembourg mother'. uh do I have any uh uh oh somebody asked about the debate uh I saw what the debate topics were uh and one of them is the actual integrity of the election itself and I I do not think. that's ever been a a debate topic before, which means that something is different about this, it's not pure hysteria, because even if it was pure hysteria, it's enough hysteria to impact things, it's like our discrete actions always just in the internet and like - our media responses, they do kind of just go into the ether because they are uncoordinated, but if you have everybody, even uh if they're not on the same page, just have a religiously ecstatic moment simultaneously, you can move the fucking neal, and I think that's that's the the the possibility there, is if everyone just wills themselves into believing, just making a quantum leap through sheer intensity of belief, but like I said, I don't think it's going to happen, I'd say most. I'd say you now what's nice nice and likely is yes uh he loses the popular vote again by a bigger margin and he wins after a above statistical likelihood number of ballots get thrown out in a couple of states which by any stretch is not an illegitimate election it's the kind of thing that you would overthrow i mean my god think of what think of what justified uh morales's overthrow was so shit like oh we found a statistical sampling of some fucking bullshit in our exit poles or something this is literally yeah 10% of absenty ballots were disavowed or 10% of malelins were just thrown in a challenge and thrown in the garbage or lost or something that's that's that would if if it was a strategically important enough area that would that would lead to some sort of direct intervention uh especially if it provoked a uh popular protest, but it would still be business as usual for us, it would not be the opening of the seventh seal, it we'd still just be here, grumble about it, complain about it, get real mad and frothinging angry about it, post about it, certainly protest, yes, but over time without protest leading to anything, it leads to people getting bored. we're scared, so wait a minute, somebody says that uh uh biden uh 5:38 has biden at 352, you mean 352 electoral votes, that's honestly that doesn't seem crazy from the polling I've seen, I mean he has a very, I mean people like to say they were wrong in 2016, what if there is wrong now there's all these stories like, I mean, yes, but once again, this is a different context, Trump is the incumbant president, you have seen this big shift in suburban voters away from uh, republicans to democrats, you've seen a big surgeon turnout, these things could, especially with, I don't, the economy collapsing around a fucking unnecessarily disastrous pandemic response, maybe that's not true, maybe this is a real durable lead, maybe this is actually a lead, and I think that will be the funniest outcome really if the wind just goes out of everybody's sales on election night, like all of this anima's been built up to a frendsy pitch, and then Biden wins in a walk, like they don't even need to wait three days for all the fucking absentees to come in, that's not, I'm saying that's a likely outcome, but I think something like that could very likely happen, like okay, maybe there's a couple days and it's a little touch and go there because they're still counting back. but Trump isn't able to to muster the horses to really try to go uh full hardcore just because of the frenzied pitch of the country just like we'll we'll save this card for later uh just because it would be a disaster for the markets in the near term there's no question about that uh and it's like is that necessary do we like Trump that much and like I have said I don't think they do I don't think he's that necessary to their uh to their. and then a couple days and then he wins and he's got like 300 electorals or more uh, i'm assuming everyone's just going. going to, I mean, you think people would be relieved, but I think it's going to be something else, it's going to be this emptiness, there's going to be this hollow, echoing emptiness, and people are going to be like Robert Redford in the candidate, what now, and I think the answer for a lot of people is going to be, oh yeah, I don't care about politics anymore, which is going to be pretty funny, thinking of all the people spent the last four years whipping themselves into a frienzy and believing themselves to be political. warriors on behalf of democracy or whatever the fuck or anti-racist crusaders are going to scurge the land like John brown after all that after all that edging and all that and then just the absolute failure to have any kind of apotheosis, i think they just going to say fuck it, i'm going to get into craft beers or something, i don't that last and i doubt it will, but i think you're going to get like a a refractory period there where a lot of people are just going to stop paying. attention to any of this shit, the ni committee, someone wants to know about, they that was a committee that uh was chaired in the 20s, i believe to figure out why the hell the us went into war in world war one considering the fact that nobody really wanted to go, Wilson campaigned in 1916 on on a platform of he kept us out of war, and yeah we still ended up going in, why? because of the zimmerman telegram and then i committee made a claim that it was essentially to secure the massive amount of loans that the United States had made to the allies, they lent money to both sides, but disproportionately and in much, much larger amounts to the allies, specifically JP Morigan among them, the guy who had single-handedly saved the entire American economy in 1907 by underwriting a private sector bailout of the American financial system, which is one of the things that led to the creation of the federal reserve, because there was a understanding that they could not allow uh that kind of... crisis moment to be in the hands of unorganized capital, it had to be capital at its most tightly supervised in the form of that executive committee that and honestly people might say it's simplistic, but it makes a fuck more much, it makes a fuck lot more sense, especially if you're trying to put events in a, i don't history. context and relate them to other events and other things instead of just isolating them, it makes a shit ton more sense then, well we wanted to stay out of the war, but then Germany shot one of our uh, shot uh, torpedoed one of our cruise ships and then two years later we went to war, people forget that, fucking lucitania, it was not like lucitania was sunk and then we went to war right after that like pearl harbor. the lucitania was sunk in 1915, the United States didn't enter the war for two more years and the zimmerman telegram, oh yeah that was a real concern, they were the mexicans were going to invade the United States, I mean they were in the middle of a completely uh paralyzing civil war at that time, they were in no position to do anything else, securing American uh, securing American uh uh financial instruments considering the fact that the United States was like a at that point a junior partner to like an anglo global market uh which we work one was largely was largely about who is going to be able to direct that flow who was in charge uh and England one and we were on their side essentially from the sidelines for most of it and then we had to secure our investment, which was a very smart move for you, the ruling class, because it helped facilitate the eventual handover of the entire mechanism to the United States after World War II, when direct colonial control was no longer financially feasible, and we replaced it with a dollar hegemoneny that's ruled ever since, and that's all because as Otmark said, the most consequential event of the... 20th century or I'm sorry, the most consequential fact of the 20th century will be that the United States speaks English. Oh god, biting potential cabinet picks, gives a shit, my main, I'm only curious to see what Klobachar. and budagej got, i kind of want to see how good negotiators they are, if Budies got veterans affairs or something. I think he uh, he got a little played, it would be funny if Warren didn't get anything, although honestly at this point i don't give a shit what she gets, anybody thinking that like her in any position of power will be substantially different than any of these other fucking vampires, i don't know. to tell you, even if she even if you can convince me that her intention is not to rule like one of them, her ability to negotiate the house of power has proven pretty conclusively, there she's never going to be in a position to get one over on any of these fucking people, no matter what she did in the senate, not within an administration where she has no real independent base, which you could have in the senate, oh god sallates his ag uh "that is that is an underrated thing that people that uh happen sometimes is cabinet people are chosen as basically as a snap as as a own of the previous administration administration um there was a famous example of that with the Obamas because obviously Obama wasn't going to do anything about any of the crimes Bush committed and those guys committed let baigons be gayons uh who hasn't broken a few million." racky eggs to make an omlet, he uh, so he didn't do any actual uh accountability, but in an act of supreme westwing symbolic importance, he appointed Ericseki, who had been i think the secretary of the army under Bush and had uh, he had complained about, he had said something about how it was going to take more troops. to to hold Iraq than the government was saying, they were lying about what it would take to secure Iraq in an invasion and he got fired and they appointed him uh veterans affairs secretary to be like, aha, look at that, dignity and facts rule again, and apparently the only thing that Chinseki is known for is he gave uh the army brays for some reason and everyone really got mad and that they hate him to this day. because they made them weighs, because they're not, they're like uh uncomfortable and you can't really put them anywhere. all right guys, uh, i think uh, i think the man, bertovo and company are going to be streaming soon, few minutes here, i think. the log off and they'll log right on and uh anybody wants to see some wonderful twitch-based content and uh support uh I believe the Louisville Bail fund should uh check it out so have a good time and bye everyone.