 bridges, the embankments and cuts, they blasted and dug with the sweat and their guts, they never drink water but whiskey by pints and the shanty towns a rang with their songs and their fights, navigator, navigator, rise up and be strong, the morning is here and there's work to be done, they can pick and your... shovel and the old dynamite, we have to shift a few tons of this earthly delight, yes we shift a few tons of this earthly delight, mark on this land, we see the scene and delay, for commerce for last fortunes were made, landslide and rock black. Yes, I got buried, so deep, and now deepen, oh shit, definitely not life, the peaceful day sleep, hi everybody, I'm back outside, it rain, it snowed like crazy the other day, and now we've got some serious accumulation around here, see those, see that guys, yeah, yeah, we got we got some real uh, we got some real snowfall here. see that in the in the door there, nice, got to say, very surprised at it, kind of thought they stopped doing that in New York before March, but it's nice, not too cold, it's like 30, so it's beginning to look a lot like Chrisman, anywhere you go, Ron Johnson, my senator. the guy defeated my first political hero rus spiegold that was a tough one and then real kicking the dick when he beat him in the rematch which i kind of assumed uh Johnson was going to lose but hillary really did a number in 2016 on the democrats well obama did a number on the democrats in general Hillary was just an expeditor of it. but man that guy is uh as politicians go he's dumb. i actually my cousin is friends with his son and was at his son's wedding like they were high college roommates together and he said that he went to ron and and he's a friend of the kid and he's a friend of brown Johnson he's a good libertarian like all guys of his age and demographic cohort uh and he said that when he went to visit his house which is a big gody mcmansion as you can imagine. there was a big flat screen playing Fox News in every TV and they were all on, that guy is a fucking senator, so that's cool, so yeah, I really dislike that guy, but what are you gonna do, what's the bench in in Wisconsin to beat him, what is the what is the way, what way can a democrat? win an election now at this point, how can a democrat win an election in this country, given what they are as a party, beyond you know house seats that are all literally written for them to govern in, it's pretty grim, and um, you know, I tried to talk to my cousin about Johnson and what a joke has. whole small business because he's he's one of these he was a guy who he is a beautiful boater he owns like a construction indust company before he decided to run for senate and uh he got the money to start it for his wife we met in college. uh, I don't wear shorts when it's outside, when it's cold on purpose as a flex, I have done it occasionally, I have i i will admit that I have done the thing where you wear like a sweat shirt and uh shorts, I've done that, but I don't, I don't try to tried a big dog, my my uh cold tolerance, although it is pretty high, I will admit, crudes, anybody seen the crudes two yet, what, what, what's the take, does it improve or uh on? any does it, does it expand the mythos of any in any way? do we know more about the crudes universe? do we get any end credit sequences where? we find out that they're going to join like a cruds avengers type situation, i would like to know, i've actually never been to the house on the rock, which uh shameful for a wisconsin night, that's one of our number one tourist traps, but i've heard only bad things i've heard that it is a huge, it's literally just a giant pile of junk that is there for you to look at, like the most denuded type of pure uh like most photographed barn in america type deal. but i haven't been there, i don't know, that's just what i've heard, that's what i have heard, i have of course been to like wisconsin delles many times, and i i i'm i'm a little annoyed though that i have never been to tallisan, which i think would be cool, beigle river, of course up north, i've been there uh frequently. people keep asking about the jimmy door Aoc thing, I think I've made my position pretty clear, what difference, this is this is all about affect, it's about, there's aoc, she's in office, I can't do anything about that, one way or the other, I can't affect her behavior in any way, what I can do is have an affect towards her, I can think she's on my side or I can think she's against me, I can boo and hit. at her when i see her on tv or i can clap, is she a face or is she a heel? and this whole discussion is a metata narrative where you get to figure out in conversation with your favorite left media figures whether you think aoc is a heel or a face. and like if you're going to consume political media and invested with emotion, that's not an insignificant question, you have to have an answer to that, everybody in this fucking drama that we're experiencing, this political reality, everybody has to have a face or heel uh value for you to have programmed so that you can get your your joy out of having a reaction to when they do things, to get the mad at them or to get happy when they do it, both ways, to root for or against them, that is the narrative that you're engaging in, and you have to know who is the cloud appl and the people to boo and hiss, and this is how we figure that out. in the Biden era, without Trump being there, the question now is much more uh, is going to be much more pronounced, who in the people now governing are to be boot and hist and who is to be cheered, that's it, and I don't real, I mean, I can't, I don't watch wrestling, I mean I don't want to sound fucking uh, you know, I that sounds very uh, pretentious and and and uh, and above it all, like, oh, you, you peants dealing with this, it's just for me, I can't i can't get enough emotional investment in it cuz all i can keep thinking is if Aoc did do a uh first of all if you decide as a person if we decide there's no way to decide worst of all whether she should do it we all decide all right Aoc yeah she should push for a medicare for all vote okay what now you called her call her office you email her, you text her, you you tweet had her, you dm her. okay, that's going to happen, I mean, do you think that's going to have an effect? and the argument I think is, well, it might not affect her, but it will build organizational capacity, no, it's more posting. pressure works when it is coordinated, nothing can be coordinated by this media fucking bullshit, that was what? the dream of the Bernie campaign was that we could top down this motherfucker and I don't blame anybody for including myself for participating in that because it was the only option that seemed available to the atomized American uh subjects trying to figure out how to rebuild a political identity, it was the only option so we took it and it took us as far as it could go, but it's not it's the horse is dead, the horse dropped dead halfway uh into town and you got to walk the rest of the way carrying uh the little girl got bit by the snake like the end of a true grit, but also if you say no, no that she shouldn't do that, what does that mean? and there's no if you if she does do it, all right, here's the people voted for medicare for all, here's the people voted against it, i guess the question is like you as a as a voter can say, ah, i will not support. them anymore like and you'll flush people, but we know, and the thing more importantly is those votes don't mean anything, how many people campaigned on medicare for all in 20 2020? to try to steal birty's left-wing credentials, including the fucking vice president elect, they can say anything, and in a context where a vote is dead in the water, they can vote any way, and more importantly, even if that did give you something to do, the thing to do disappears into the wind with every other media based political, organizational tactic, they can't work, we know it's can't work, everything else is secondary, i don't care about any of the fucking specifics of any of these arguments and about weighing like jimmy door soul against the feather to see if he can go to fucking the afterlife or Aoc for that matter, it doesn't fucking matter, you're just and if you decide aoc is a is a is not a heel, she's a face, well good, now you've got Jimmy door, he can be your heel, you've got somebody to boo out of. you've got somebody to invest, you know the sides so that you can, you can cheer on the people that you want and boo and hiss the people you don't like, i don't care about it, there is no left, there is no, there is nothing to, there's no us to make decisions like this, but the main thing it is like the real like i i'm not saying that this is what people have in mind but this is why they think they're arguing but the material under reality of all this is that the biden era is going to be a new landscape and it's going to create audiences for left commentary and this moment as the uh administration shapes into being is when sides are called, when audiences and uh and creators align themselves and this is what's happening, it's the sorting mechanism, these controversies in addition to being the balls of string we can batt around function as sorting mechanisms for who is in whose audience, who's in whose demo? so that's that on that, I'm done talking about it, and of course that mean that that to me that that's why my whole job now is is is thrown me into sort of a constant anxiety uh uh cycle because I'm more and more convinced every day that this the... this illusory uh political uh reality that that we invest our emotions in is a fundamental hinderrance to our ability to recognize the the conditions around us and to act from them, but I also depend on this, you know, for for all of a lot of the good things in my life, so how do I square that circle, and that's the question I have to ask myself every day, and the ch the the the answer. uh, the answer, I think, it has to come every day too, you know, I have to answer that question for myself by what I do every day. nothing matters, see, that's the other problem, I don't want to say that, I don't want to get that message across, everything matters, but the things that we have charged with political meaning don't, but we can charge other things with political meaning, things closer to us, things that we can engage with more concretely and more satisfactorily and less uh self-defeatingly. but they cannot be prescribed from a abstract point. that is another circle that i have to square every day. the grill is actually covered, somebody's asking about the grill. the grill is where is it? there it is, look at that puppy, look at how much fucking snow's on that baby. love it, the weather outside is delightful, i say, really does remind me of home. ah. Yeah, gonna get old man about it right now, gonna get prustian and and uh and crochety, but growing up in uh uh Wisconsin specifically coastal Wisconsin next to the Great Lake next to Lake Michigan which had always a lake effect which meant that even in a state that was already very very snow covered during the winter the lake countries would get even more uh yes it's coastal fuck you the great lakes are the third coast sir and if you want to get really like uh wacky about shit if you want like really wax you know like uh uh 19th century uh like crank historiography geographic destiny style on America, it's kind of interesting that the places that vote democratic are essentially all the places on water, but anyway uh, so coastal Wisconsin they get more snow even than Inland and so... the winter when i was growing up was uh my memories are of huge snow banks and king of the hill and my fucking jeans getting wet going in and playing uh at recess and wearing moonboots in kindergarden and uh mittens uh pinned to jackets it's a it's a it's a very vivid mindscape of like impressionable time in my life. Ah, so yeah, I'm actually kind of like being chilling out here and seeing the big piles, saw snowman today, awesome, yeah, a lot of it has to do with population density, obviously, people live near water for a million reasons and the more people there are in america. it just requires you to break down a lot of the more uh reactionary social uh responses that really can only only maintain themselves in relatively stable population uh population densities and low, i should say low population densities, cosmopolitanism they call it, that's why turkey is very interesting as like an a middle eastern United States, I know people, Israel isn't the American uh, isn't the America of the Middle East, it is just America, Turkey is the America of the Middle East, and they got a big broad middle swath of sullen, uh, religiously fanatic or religiously devout islamist sort of conservatives uh, where uh, where like dev devotion to is to sunni islam is also correlated to neoliberal economics somehow and then on the coasts you've got the uh the the cosmopolitan types who uh who who still cling to camal uh atoturks secularism and are more you know left in general and America is very similar the... and if anyone ever wants a proof of the of the argument that Turkey is the United States of the Middle East, couple years ago there was a dump kerfufu about an American uh minister who got detained in Turkey because they thought he was connected to the gulan network and Trump did like retaliatory uh like sanctions on the lira and it's and it just the Lira had a crisis like dropped dropped in value very quickly uh and in response there was a nationwide turkish campaign to have people filmed themselves destroying American products and what i remember distinctly was a guy yelling into the screen uh cutting a promo against America with a hammer in his hand and then getting down on a driveway and smashing a line of iphones and i just remember thinking yes that is there there we are there we are. Flynn did try to black bag and that's very funny. Milwakie is not a nice flag, Milwakie has a terrible flag, we're talking flags a couple weeks ago, the Malwaaki flag is embarrassing. some clip art ass shit, and then Wisconsin itself has low, bottom tier, bottom five flag, uh, somebody showed me uh that there's like a vexology uh society that ranks the American flags, the the flags of the Americas rather, like all the states and provinces of of the United States and Canada, I don't know if Mexico, but definitely those two, and number one was New Mexico, which correct, and uh, Wisconsin was in the bottom five, also accurate, yeah, Wisconsin's flags has the words 14, 1848 on it, not 1488, although you could do that if you wanted to, that'd be a clever bit of uh culture jamming uh, because that's when it was founded, but that's just dumb, why are you doing that, why are you doing that, why would you do that? Arizonas is also good, I would say that Arizona, New Mexico. the best flags, both of them, that's one and two for me in the United States, and that's kind of amazing that they were the last two continental states brought into the union i like it had taken that long for uh uh like modern ideas of aesthetics to to carry on, because the earlier flags are from states that were brought into the union in the middle of the 19th century, the floorid a very florid era, florid pros uh over. um over-furnished rooms and overly intricate flags, here's a minor and here's a farmer and here's a sailboat and here's some lead bricks and here's a bushel of weed, literal, overly literal, don't have to describe so much dude, leave a little bit to the imagination. I got to say, I think that there is a sign that maybe if we haven't gotten better at some arguments in America, maybe we've just have so many more pressing idiocies that we can't remember the old stuff, but the fact that Michigan's the Mississippi's new no non-confederate flag says in god we trust. having grown up in the 90s, I swear to god that would have been a bigger deal if that had happened then, putting God on a state flag, buse that's the kind of shit that people actually talked about in like the late 90s, early awts, like fucking manger scenes and in town squares and shit, and like sure like conservatives and people still talk about that stuff, but there was a while for that was a thing that that liberals love to bat around, you know the this idea of of really uh enforcing a separation of... church and state, it was during that period, especially after uh, Bush became president, when everyone on the liberal left was terrified of some theocracy being imposed uh, and there was this, this like militant secularism, and then now nobody cares about, nobody gives a shit, nobody fucking cares, which is why there's that fucking documentary that somebody just made about the church of Satan suing to allow have bophamet go next to a... scene and a fucking city hall front yard and it's like this is you that was made in 2019 or something like that what the fuck this movie is mini minimal 10 years too late who gives a shit man. Yeah, there is no more reddit religion than church of Satan, which is just libertarianism with capes. Anton Zander levet was explicit about this, he basically just took uh Randian objectivism and added ritual, that's it, neither of those things are appealing, like ritual is appealing, if it if it speaks to commune. and it speaks to connectivity, this is literally ritualizing the psychosis of libertarianism. no, thank you, sir. Baphamet was uh, this is funny that like in this, yeah, baffemet uh, is a corruption of the the name Muhammad, and it was uh, I think it was when the Knight's Templar were suppressed by uh king uh Philip I believe of France and they were all tortured into uh confessing to... to witchcraft so that the king could repudiate the debt he owed to the templars and seize all of their fucking uh money and property uh the one they they confessed to worshipping bafabet and that was probably just that was just probably Muhammad because these guys remember this was a crusading order and the bad guys were not the bad guy was not the devil at that point the bad guy was the muhammadian. and oh we got oh there's another thing a very distinct childhood memory is talking around giant plooms of smoke is great i can i can choom now and you can't even tell other than the when i you know leaned out so like this thing that these assholes worship isn't even like it's all just It is a reddit religion, whoever said that was correct, it is a reddit religion, it is an attempt to uh reverse engineer meaning out of the arid spiritual desert that you find yourself after you've committed yourself to the rationalist perspective, that is the that was the default like uh worldview of the internet at its beginning, because it was begun by white dudes, because it was begun by the people who p and perfected that uh that desacralization effort, that that profaning of life, profaning of the world, and that's the final outcome of it, that's the final expression of that drive, and at the end of it you find yourself alone in every sense, what do you do, you got to find your way back, but you've cut the cord, you can't find the fucking the breadcrumb trail is gone, so you have to make it up as you go along, and what you do is shit like fucking the church of Satan, it's like let's get some ritual. Let's get some let's get some magic and put it in the world in the form of a bunch of uh gross uh california people rubbing each other while wearing capes now you know that's not talking about shit like Crowley and you know the esoteric tradition of magic which is is not doing that but church of Satan is just like get out of here. freemasons are a similar deal, certainly, but that's like at a higher le social strato where like social bonds remain intact longer, because you're perpetuating a class project, at least in the you know at the elite level of masonry, but i think for most guys, it's just it's like the kuanis club, and then even at the top levels, it's just like akuanus cub for the rich and powerful, at which point, once again, conspiracy becomes uh, an absolute concept, because you're just describing capitalism and how it functions in social terms, like we know we know in other countries how these things work, like how how how social orders are used to identify. uh uh potential wielders of power at a young age or relatively young age and allow for them to seek connections to other powerful people and create networks of trust and uh mutual uh understanding of the world that can allow for you know different currents and of power to develop uh in South Africa after uh the British left after world war 2 and uh the nationalist party which had been like a uh a the um which had been the like dutch essentially the boor nationalist party that had resisted uh british rule before the war uh was opposed to the the like the the liberal party which was like the dominant sort of collaborationist party uh with the British and then after the war the nationalist party became the dominant party because they were essentially the the party of... national liberation like the congress party in India or the ANC later and it meant that you had this uh rule like the national rule within in South Africa was by this this middle uh this tier of professional uh members of the Dutch Reform Church basically these these these africaners because remember there are tons of brits there are tons of english uh uh descended people uh in South Africa, there are also a bunch of Indians of all of all classes in South Africa and Jews, shout out to the Frieedland family, but the the party of... post war uh rule was the nationalist uh uh Africaner party and how it ruled was in public through its offices, the prime minister and and the parliament and and and a formal democracy that included white voters uh, but in practice it was a cabal within the greater bore ruling class of like uh high level industrialists and high level professionals both political and bureaucratic uh and academic who mingled socially and through those social relationships established positions of power and in South Africa the uh real recruiters of people into a power structure was more than the votes in parliament uh was the membership of an organization called the Africaner broderboot. which is uh dutch south, which is uh, africaner for the Africaner brotherhood, and it was like a a masonic society, and uh, and people who uh, joined it early and showed promise, move through the ranks, uh, that's where Heinrich Verword, who was like the post war sort of mastermind of apartide, uh, that's where he came up, and they ran the whole thing, whole show behind. the scenes, but like it wasn't really behind the scenes, you know what i mean? and it's i think it's very similar with us with all these like seemingly these these organizations like the bilderbers and trilateral and and the masons and fucking bohemian grove, they might honestly they might ritually uh have fuck fuck kids together, in fact i wouldn't be surprised if they do, but essentially the same way that the shriners get together and get shit faced and uh used to get shit faced and watched like. like stag movies on a bedsheet, you know, same deal, blown off steam, making social connections, learning who you vibe with, but all they're really doing is giving a chance for uh, the meritocracy as it exists to work its way through uh, to work people through the highest levels of power. virtue signal some more, what virtues should i signal? who would like to see? who has a virtue? let's do it like cameo. who has a virtue they would like to see me signal? i'll signal it for you. signal piety? hm, this is tough, doing it self-consciously is difficult, you have to really have it built into your... uh your uh, your online identity to just be able to instinctively virtue signal, i guess it could just be like uh, i i pray every day, is it is that what it is, just like saying that you do it, i don't know, i don't i don't really know how you do it, somebody keep saying asking about the silmerillian i am not the talking guy dude, i'm much more george RR Martin, give me the horny uh, the horny middle fake middle ages, not the not the not the ins, not the vol cell in cell one where nobody's fucking, i read, i read uh, i read the hobbit in sixth grade because it was a sign, i watched the lord of the rings movies uh, and the first two hovit movies. because that's when i saw that was when i would see basically every big movie in theaters, and that's it, it's not my jam, we will not get the wins of winter, that's fine though, honestly the best thing that benhinoff and weice ever did for george R martin is take the pressure off because i got to believe that people don't bug him as much about the books now that we kind of how are you ever going to be even if it came out tomorrow and it was and it was that's actually it wrapped the whole thing up uh would it really feel would it hit the same as it would have before you know what i mean that whole the whole incident with how the show ended and honestly any ending i think would have taken the wind out of the sales to some extent even if it nailed it maybe especially if it nailed it either way like the show in our minds they got and now it has ended, like anything we're going to read in the book is just going to feel like a shadow world, it's going to feel like some... some path not taken and and like dimly perceived, the real ending will be the one that we saw, so that's too bad, i'm i'm going to watch the prequel show probably because i do like the lore and you know if you get annoyed with bennioff and weice uh at least all this stuff has been written so so you don't have to worry going in about them having to improvise, but I do uh, what's it going to be about? I think it's about the targarian invasion, I don't know, like if you were going to do a prequel, wouldn't, it seems like that's not the most interesting angle you take, like obviously the dance of dragons seems to be to be the obvious one, why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you do that? one that's like it's got a built-in narrative, it's got drama, it's got it, it's why would you do the dance of dragons? uh, but if you're not going to do the dance of dragons uh, so you're just going to do like agon's conquest, which is narratively has none of the back and forth action of uh, of the dance. the dragons, but then again i don't i don't know what this, i think it's about aeg's conquest, but uh, but either way i wouldn't be interested in that, honestly give me something somewhere other than westeros, i originally thought they were going to do something about the age of heroes, but i guess not, or are they doing that also - i should i we'll see, i might i might be over it by the time any of this stuff airs and i might have evolved beyond the need to keep up with this shit. who do the horsey people represent? the doth rocky or the mongols or like i mean essentially all step nomadic warlords. i don't have thoughts on the silmerian, leave me alone. It's getting cold out here, I got to say fingers are getting chully, but I like it, let me make a snowball, carth, isn't carth basically like medieval bagdad, like Bravos is venice. uh, but I think a carth is like medieval bagdad. There we go, little ball, I guess it could be constantinople too, just feels a little out of the way to be constantinople i thought it like maybe Valantis, is that Rome? I'm making a little snowman here, this person, this person keeps asking this baffling question that I have to talk to, uh, when did I first realize that power is real and that my and my beliefs don't really have any of it, when did I first realize I was powerless, well I mean we all we all realize we're powerless as child. and then we spend the rest of our lives trying to delute ourselves into believing that we aren't. i guess when i relearned that i was powerless, probably in the hospital bed when i was stricken with the near fatal spinal injury. what this guy? he's a stumb man. I made a little snow guy, where should we call him? where should we call him? I'm taking, I'm taking names. Grogu, that's not bad. Grogu is not bad. That's kind of funny. I'm trying to make his head a little bit bigger. Crude, uh, maybe that'll be his last name, it's got to have a first name though, snowgrew, that's not. not bad, I'm going to try to give him a little face actually here. apologize to anybody listens to these on the podcast format because you're not going to be able to see this so this might not feel like it's worthwhile but i think it's fun stop that's good yeah maybe i'll call him stop that's funny trying to trying to give him a face, i don't think this really works, i was trying to use these these uh filter tips, kind of looks freaky, amber frost, that's funny, that's good, fact i'll go with that, this is amber frost right here, it's too bad we don't use uh, too bad we don't use screenshots for the intro for the covers of the youtube of these, i that would be a good one, that would be a good one for the for the cover image for this kush vlog, i'm looking at it like a funk go pop, prosty the soy man yeah that's good with the eyes, it's like he's got so sexy lady, oh god ah, my hands are cold, who could have predicted that that would happen, what the hell, packing snow, yeah, cool, this is awesome, having cold hands afterwards, fuck, this is bullshit, god damn it, communism is when no funko pops, i don't know if that's true, but i sure hope so, because if not what are you even fighting for? if the world you're fighting for has funko pops in it, you need to reconsider your priorities, someone keeps asking about the selmarina, sweater god people, people, i am... getting trolled in the comments, i keep forgetting that not everyone can be as uh much a perfect avatar of good faith interaction as i am sad to get myself. Hey, it's interesting, Trump is, has Trump been around lately, he's still contesting the election, but mostly just through tweets, he hasn't been doing any rallies or anything, he seems, I think he's checked out, I'm I'm guessing is that is that he is coming to terms, like he is, this feels, obviously this is me just pulling things out of my ass, but you know, we've had four years of this guy now, I feel like I got a vibe for his like uh personal emotional cycles. um, it feels like this is him hitting the end of the coubler of cycle and accepting that he's going to have to leave, i mean there was that piece that said that he says he's gonna not going to leave, but he's he's a fucking pussy, the thing that needs to be remembered about him beyond anything else is that he is a fucking pussy, which means that he will leave the white house on that day to go do something. else like a rally and then just not come back, he's not going to allow something happening as humiliating as being carried out by fucking us marshals, there's 0% chance, as much as it would be hilariously aesthetically gravitifying to see such a thing, and as much as liberals have been jacking off at the prospect for the past four years, he is too much a coward to do it. someone's asking how evil is George Hw Bush compared to other. President, I don't think that's a terribly helpful question when you're trying to you know understand how power works or anything, but I do think that there probably there have to be right cuz. everything has gradations, so there are gradations of evil within the the presidential beastiary, so there are more and less evil presidents, like I do think that that's true, yes they're all evil to a minimal threshold, but past that threshold there has to be grades because there has to be grades in everything, so that means you can talk about it, it's just it it's not tied to questions of you, power, it's not, it's not quite, it's it doesn't tell us anything about you, how power operates. because mostly they're operating out of a a uh not evil but out of what they imagine to be necessity and sure the evil is what makes them see it that way but there it's it's not a it's not generative of action because because most presidents are largely constrained in their actions by the circumstances of their presidency and as such their freedom to allow evil to be the predominant motivator of their actions is constrained also so as long as you make that assumption and you clear that and say we're not actually talking about anything that matters, we're just talking about like idly who's the most evil like who just seems like their brain was the most desolate snake pit, there are more and less ones, the least evil ones, i would say, the ones whose brains if you entered them would feel like a human brain, like there would be a there would be a similar amount of you know emotional uh connection to the world that you have. Lincoln, John Quince adams, um, maybe JFK, buse like he wasn't a good guy, but and he was very callow, but uh, or he might have been a stone psychopath, I don't really know enough about, FDR, I think, yes, yes definitely FDR, uh, probably even Teddy Roosevelt, even though he was a complete psycho, um, James Garfield for sure, Jimmy Carter, definitely honestly, I don't think either of them, maybe Isenhower, Grant, definitely, but we're all talking about, you know, this is slim pickings and the degrees are all relatively. what about the people who if you went into their head uh would just find would find snakes, would would find reptiles, would find a cold-bloaded detachment and and lizard like hostility to to everything other than themselves, uh, George HW Bush is top five, for sure, 100%. Andrew Jackson also up there, Andrew Johnson also. out there, Donald Trump, personally wicked but too cowardly to to do the stuff, too cowardly and lazy. Bill Clinton, 100%. Barfaco crumbo 100%. Regan, I honestly don't know if you can use and use these concepts because by the time. even got close to power, he had essentially stopped thinking in a conventional way, so what can you even say about it? maybe yeah, maybe when he was governor of California, I would say yeah, both adams is. How many more presidents will there be? That's a good question. I mean in many ways it is absurd that we're having another one after Trump and I did say that one thing that I was repulsed by was the idea of us trying to act like it it never happened. and I have to say that the specifics of Biden being president mean that we can't do that as much as you might want to pretend you can, because Biden's presidency will be so trump-like in so many ways and the only real difference you're going to see is that the media that spent four years uh trying to hang Trump for every transgression against norms and propriety will spend those four years trying to tell you actually no these are all good and don't worry about them and they're fine and it's not bad and it's actually uh it's actually racist for you to think that this is uh a gibbering old seniil maniac, profaning all of these halloween institutions that he's supposedly to be uh charged with the sheperding, not going to be fun. fucking hally, get the fuck out of here, the people say it's hally are captured by the fundamental delusion that there is something more authentically grounded in like right-wing spectacle of politics than there is on amongst the democrats because because if you're on the left and you see id paul being weaponized by the democrats and turning people into just these uh these people who are allergic to class politics, you look to the light right and you think well because don't have these mechanisms of of coersion then that means that a populist message will like find some sort of real kindling at at the grass roots that is impossible on the left, but they have their own set of dumb culture war id pall bullshit that decapitates their the brain stem of most of their voters and makes it impossible for you to appeal to them anymore than you can democratic voters, and if Josh Harley does make a pitch to be uh the intellectually consistent uh uh national populist Haron Vulk inheritor of pure ideological trumpism, he will get smashed and destroyed by either Trump himself if he just decides to deal with losing by spending four years running to get it back and then winning to make it up for it and then hope we can die somewhere along the way so he can just stop or Don Trump Jr. or some fucking carnival barking clown show who can press the brain stem of republican voters the same way that the fucking DNC cynically presses the brainstem on the democratic voters. Everybody says is going to be Josh Halley think that because they think, well if I was a republican voter, I would vote for Holly, you're not though. By the way, I found out that apparently Noah Holly has a Twin brother, I believe, who is a uh, showrunner for a like a network procedural, it's literally like Donald uh Colfman and uh and and Charlie from fucking uh adaptation, it's astounding like you. got the sellout brother who's just making shows about like horny cops and then you've got the pretentious brother who thinks he's doing elevated cuisine not flipping burgers and apparently they hate each other that's hilarious to me and it makes the third season twin plot with you and mcgregor really makes sense because twins that's not really something from the kins that was something from halling. Nobody likes Dan Krenshaw, Dan Krenshaw is trying to take a the specific liberal, democratic, cultural. uh soy discourse spectacle, like the the language of the marvel universe and use it to be and use it to uh appeal to republicans, and there is like some sort of base to that, I think, I and that's just, well, this is a language that everybody is absorbing, even if they are republicans, they watch these movies, even if they think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles who hate the president, they still watch them because the what's on. so why not use that familiar language to your benefit, that cultural costume going on sattery night live and stuff, but that might get you some tv appearances and i might get you uh trending once in a while on twitter, but it's not going to let you raise to the ranks of the political public establishment, because the people who make decisions on who to uh send to the halls of power uh, not your little bitch. as Jerrymander uh signature district where they just took all the white people around Houston and put them into a little comma for you like having to vote run statewide in in a big ass state like Texas or run for a national office those people are not kids stuwing in Marvel soy banter those are old fucks who want shit appealing to them which is screaming red faced pissed off people like themselves so Krenshaw's got no fucking uh legs as far as i can see and only one eye, but again, don't know what can happen, that's just how it feels, dan Cruodshaw, now there we go, he might win something if he ch changed his name to cruodshaw and he ran in like a uh in a bear skid like he dressed like a caveman and he only spoke in grunts and he took his uh fake eyeball out and didn't wear the eye patch and just had the hole because that's how a caveman would be uh with no eye crudeshaw that's the reboot he needs to become a president. It would be funny if he ended up marrying uh marrying Aoc, it's like a dynastic Carvill Matlin marriage. Oh, I wanted to say this before I start because I'm going to leave soon, but I wanted just mention this today, I know I just talked about it yesterday, but I feel like I conjured something into being, uh, today Obungler came out with his list of the shows and movies he liked watching in 2020, and I got to say, I felt like a baby cyclo on a diet of straight karbanga. though cuz it was just my, it was everything i've been fucking saying about this guy laid out there, he liked uh, he likes this this perfect, he is a perfect amalgam of all these middle class, middle brow uh professional class taste and people say, oh he just had him intern write that, i disagree, that's true of most politicians, like a lot of these lizards just sit in the room and stare a wall when they're or like doing ritual sacrifice shit, they don't watch tv, they don't give a shit, like that's one thing that veep got very right is that most of these people are totally disengaged from popular culture because they're not they don't fucking sit around the people we do that because we we're cage little hamsters and we have nothing else to do to sooth ourselves and get make sure our fur doesn't get patchy, these people have the fucking halls of power and their own megalomania to fucking satisfy every moment of their lives, they don't need to sit there and fucking watch tv, so they don't know they don't watch tv, they don't watch sports uh, but Obama does, when you look at what he has done since he's been president, you look the way he's lived his whole life, I 100% believe he watches this shit, because that's why he's doing it, that's why he ran for president in the first place and was president so that he could watch himself be president and then tell that story again and again to live as a narrative and so he has to watch things, like the way that Trump watches b uh Trump, like that's the other thing, politic uh uh, like the president he doesn't watch fake uh cable news, people who are actually you know in in in connection to real power, don't watch cable news, I mean they might have it on in their rooms to like watch it, if they're on it they make sure everybody sees it and like they use it as like a as a touchstone to see like oh what's the what's today's scoop? but they're not sitting there watching it the way that you would have to to to pile up the hours that Trump does, but Trump sits and watches it. Obama watches those fucking shows. Obama watches those shows and he watches those movies and when he came out today with those and people were saying they were either saying he didn't really see these or they were saying he didn't get it, how could he have liked this? how could he have watched the boys? doesn't he understand that he is the vt corporation in that movie or whatever? doesn't he understand that he's homelander? how could he have watched bukaru, the movie about uh rich uh white americans going to hunt poor uh brazilians for sport? and it's all about income inequality and and a global like uh racial uh apartide and it's like a mowas third world is text, how could you have watched that? and they think, well he got he got the wrong, he didn't get the right message from it, he didn't get it, he his brain wouldn't receive it, i my my belief and i've said it before i'll say it again, is that he gets it, he gets everything that you get out of this shit, he got everything out of parasite that you got out of it, he got everything out of bukaru that you got out of it, he got everything out of the boys and everything out of the good lord bird which he put on the list and that oh that got me, yeah baby, yeah good lord. Obama watching this show that's supposed to be about John Brown and loving it, but I don't understand how, how could he? He must not understand it, no he gets it, he gets it. It doesn't matter, because you think to yourself, well, I watch this stuff and it gives me these beliefs. If Obama watches this stuff, and it doesn't, he, if he had those beliefs, he would act out of them, but he is where he is, because he has made certain mental assumptions about the way the world works, that have essentially allowed him to take any. cultural critique and rationalize it as he is absorbing it, which is in microcosm the way that all cultural products under capitalism are recuperated, we get this thunderbolt of of like uh political uh revelation from these works of art that have these like creecor against the world that is unjust and we see the unjustice around us, but then we have to deal with reality, because to reject the order as such is to put ourselves at risk, and we don't, we fear the risk, and so we figure out a reason that we can't act now, and for most of us, there's nothing immoral about that, because we don't really have any power anyway, what we do one way or the other is minimally impactful, and so we really do have a right to ourselves to it. at a certain point take our own self-interest first. now the thing that makes guys like Obama, guys like Obama, that narcissistic megalomania uh makes it so that they are able to at every moment abstract and rationalize away from the reality of the horror of like what what the world is that a movie like bukuru symbolizes or the need for like rev revolutionary resistance to uh to oppression as such and a refusal to uh to accommodate oneself that John brown represented in the good lord word and feel it because you're supposed to, but then well, I'm only one president, I'm only one ex-president and that implications of... that are uncomfortable because it might it means then that the fact that we consume the good art, the good media does not confer upon us inherent virtues. i don't think it makes you bad, but it doesn't necessarily compose part of your virtues, and that is destabilizing because of how much we have built this jenga tower of self-conception out of media consumption. By the way, I'm sure it's not pronounced Bukaru, but I don't know, it's it's it's Brazilian, it's Portuguese language, name for a town, bukaru, I don't know, bakurao, bakurao, that's not even close, good lord. but he got the point he watched bukaru and said yep uh global north uh enslaving and exploiting uh global south uh yeah racial party regimes uh inscribed uh at the barrel of gun uh but it's more complicated than that of course you know uh uh there's uh there are cultural pathologies that work that undermine uh the ability of community. to uh resist that oppressure but uh compromises have to, i mean it's just and the thing is that the the thing his brain is doing is all of our brains are doing it every moment to allow us to do things like you know buy a phone that has literal slave labor in it every this thing here these things have fucking cool tan in it that was pulled out of the ground at gun point like huge segments of our ability to live are are are necessitated by uh slave labor because you couldn't pay someone enough to do the stuff that needs to be done, at least because we've decided not to invest our capital in saving that labor because it's cheaper to just compel it, but the thing is we don't have a lot of power over that individually, and so we have to make accommodations or else what, you're going to fly over to the DRC and try to save like break people out of a a coltan mine with a shot, you would not work, it would it would help no one. and so we make we all make these compromises, the higher up you go in power, the the mind the it's it's more and more compromised. by essentially one's evil, one's ability to uh disconnect from everyone else around them and disconnect from the world and seek decide to put themselves at the seat of uh all meaning, but the thought process is the same, because nobody thinks of themselves as evil. so that means you just got to watch the stuff and enjoy it, the same way you can listen to politics podcasts and pay attention to politics, you can watch your streaming so shows and watch movies, I know I do, but doing those things have the same. they have the same moral weight as any other consumer action, which is to say they're they they're either neutral or just bad by virtue of the fact that they're contributory to a system that is bad, but they're also necessary to the maintenance of like economic function, so that so maybe at the end of the day, it's they're all neutral, they're neutral, let's say that, and so anything. you get from them has to come from their aesthetic elements, which are not nothing, art means something, art is always going to mean something, but it doesn't mean what we have decided it means any more than politics does, because they're the same thing. You can't expect anything from anybody in political power, political power responds to pressure, that's it, but our political, I'm sorry, political power is manifested in pressure, manifested in the ability to to compel, and right now. now the reason things are so terrible, the reason that we're watching this monstrous response to COVID, allowing this this, any chance of even minor uh economic aid to people who are on the verge of starvation, being parried down to nothing and some disgusting, know nothing, wisconsin cheese head dumb fuck just shitting in everyone's mouth and calling it a fucking chocolate Sunday, is because there is no, there is no fear these people have, they fear nothing from us, they fear no consequence from... us, not even, I mean, obviously, not personally, but also not even professionally or for their careers, because we are not a public that can express anything other than the disaggregated individual, confused, selfish, selfless, irrational, jabering, political uh, identity of 100 million people or whoever are many vote. and as long as it's that, their job is just essentially to read demographic waves and and figure out where to pitch messages to to maintain a structure that is essentially self-perpetuating, we have to put fucking uh, we have to put branches in the spokes ourselves, by creating a by creating a will out of this disaggregation and then imposing it and saying you do this or you suffer consequences. all right, it's cold of shit out here, i'm going to go soon. uh, so i think this might be my, i might do another one tomorrow, we'll see. uh, but i think it will be the last one, either today or tomorrow will be the last one for like about. week so that for the Christmas week I will be otherwise occupied and I don't want to have to worry about uh you know keeping up a schedule uh so we'll be back the week after and so wednesday the 30th will probably not be the first time back but but it will be i i can at least say that there will be a stream then and that we'll talk about the last half of the first part of Richard White's the... public for which it stands chapters four through eight, we'll talk about that. I'm uh reading chapter four right now, uh, the one about home, and it's very interesting, he frames. everything he frames like the domestic ideal that I've been talking about that like the yoman self-sufficiency as as the abstract concept of a home and and he charts the way that it uh sort of constellates throughout uh political retaric and culture at the time it's pretty good all right you guys soon either tomorrow or in like a week bye