 classic tune from my uh my fellow wiscons nights the violence, am i supposed to feel sorrow, that's the question, goddamn it, is it something to be alive at this moment, at a certain point, you can talk hell hell world all you want, but man, there's something about living now, obviously if you don't have the boot of capital directly on your neck, if you're privileged enough to be in that position, there's something vertiginously gitdy about this whole thing, motherfuckers, they they all got it, they all got it, they all gave it to each other to prove a point, to prove a point about how it was the big deal, That's the best part, like we've talked about Alex Paren wrote a great article about how you know the rubes are in charge now and like there used to be a divide between the hoople heads and and the leadership of the of the republican party, you know, there was stuff that you told people, but you didn't actually care, you know, it was to rile them up, and now and more importantly, I think even in that process is just the pen opticon of online, like you cannot be seen in masks, you cannot be seen to care that look like you actually care about COVID because to do so uh is to undermine your argument and then you got the fact that for a lot of these people like it is reality it is reality like it's not a big deal like these are not just things they tell people to keep the vote telly up they really believe it and now they all have it they all give it to each other and and when do they do it at the fucking at their little uh witches coven with the... Amy kobent, their little end zone dance on the fucking uh on on the Supreme Court, they all ended up giving it to each other. Oh man, I don't think any of them are going to die though, as funny as it is to imagine, especially like the idea of him dying like a week before the election, uh, I mean, people said that about RBG, how funny would it be if she died two months before the election? how funny would it be if Trump died of corona a month before the election? once again, how funny would it be if Biden, the sleep-walking geriatric got that nomination over like 20 strivers, how funny would it be if Trump beat Hillary? The funniest answer has been the most predictive one, and I think that's not just being fast, it's because what is comedy, like comedy is surprise, comedy is a is is something uh defying expectation, and we live in a moment when all expectations. are being annihilated by the accelerating crisis and the lack of our political institution and media institution uh the their fundamental lack of uh flexibility in dealing with it, they're incapability of dealing with it, which means that what we get is the funniest outcome, long live the broomstick. I don't know where the hell those birds are, but they've getting really loud lately, they've not been this loud before, is it the time of year? do they know that the super volcano is about to erupt or something? is this like the beginning of uh the core when all the birds like uh geolocators get messed up by the failure of the earth's core to create electromagnetic field and they just start smashing into things? It would be funny if he has to debate Biden from a hospital bed, that'd be very humorous, like on zoom. Oh man, are you saying the audio is choppy? because the thing is, I went with the uh plugin to the computer because people said it actually was better, and specifically they said it was louder, which I know has been a consistent criticism, uh, so I wanted to do this because I i think it might work, but if it's choppy I'll go back to the, I'll go back to the laugh mic. should you vote for Kanye in Oklahoma? I mean if you think it'd be funny. I mean, why, it would, it's not my choice. You're the one doing it. I mean, Kanyey to me is a little played out at this point. I mean, I'm not voting for Biden, but I don't vote for Kanye or Howe Hawkins for that matter. If I'm gonna just do something to amuse myself, it's going to be to amuse myself, you know, and Kanye is not. music to me at this point is a little played out so uh i don't know yet might write in bernie just as like a like a bit of sentimentality i think maybe the funniest thing you could do is vote in uh write in Hillary Clinton which i might do that might be the funniest thing you could do is right in Hillary Clinton. I'm still with her folks, now I was always be with her, also yeah, voting for everything except president, like they did in Michigan in the tens of thousands, which helped kill Hillary's chances in the presidency, that's another, that's another strong move. I want to say one thing is that there's already been some argument about like all right say by say Trump dies soon hilarious hilarious and then presumably it would be up to the RNC and who that they would like be the candidate and I think they would probably just pick pents for continuity reasons and the question is like was does that help the republicans or hurt them and I've seen some people argue that it helps them because it might get those suburban republicans who hate Trump back in the fold but "I think that that number would be dwarphed by the number of Trump warriors who would just be be broken by it and would not vote for Pence, wouldn't vote at all, more likely to show up the at the at the polls with like a an ar15 and get suicide by cop. It would be funny though if the queue people insist he's not dead and he becomes like the false Dimitri or something, just like, he's like the ocluded Mati of America." in politics and they just keep waiting for Trump to come back, I do think that if he dies they should give him a viking funeral in one of the beautiful boats, get him out into one of those shitty lakes that all those people like to tool around in all all saturday and have Don Jr. Don Jr. tries to do it and he fucks up like 15 times like Edmorley, he can't get the thing and then they try Eric tries it and he can't do it either. Then Avanka comes in like the blackfish one shot. Some people say he doesn't he's not sick. I don't believe that because I mean frankly that's that seems like queue stuff to me. Oh he's not really he doesn't really have it, it's all a ruze uh it goes against his narrative is the... big thing i have a problem with that like okay sure what it means he doesn't have to do a debate maybe or it gets people to have sympathy for him but it cuts undercuts the whole argument he's made which is that it isn't a big deal how is it not a big deal if the entire white house has it and i guess they're thinking like well this old fuck gets it and doesn't die then people will think it isn't a big deal either but i mean at this point it's so close to the election that his health is going to be in doubt on election day no matter what like he's not going to be over it are you fucking kidding me and also they're not keeping that secret, come on, come on, they're not keeping that secret, thinking that they're going to keep that secret is like thinking that they're executing John Legend and Chris Teagan and Guantano Bay and replacing them with clones, come on. but the tweets are going to be great, i can't wait to see the tweets of him in quarantine, just watching even more tv than he usually does, not being able to go to the rallies. the fact that everyone has it though was so funny, Mike Lee's got it, which means there's probably a couple other senators that have it, this could honestly be the one thing that stops them from getting amy uh Joseph Coney on the on the on the Supreme Court which would... of course hilarious, I mean those senators must be terrified buse there's they're old as shit, although of course, Ran Paul had it earlier in the year and he didn't, he didn't give it to anybody who died, Virginia Fox, that awful Gorgon from uh, I think South Carolina, she didn't die either, because God delights in human evil, and when I say God I meet, of course, yall both, the motherfucking dem airge, he loves them, and he's going to keep them alive, he's going to protect his archicons, so he's got the back, folks, i had the corona and i'm fine, in fact i have more powers, i can smell time now, i can smell it, i can smell the time, you ask me what time it is, i smell and i know, thanks to corona, i do wonder if he's going to take hydrochloric win cuz he kind of suggested that he was taking it a few months ago, but of course you can never tell what's real and what's carnival barkery, i realized looking through my notes from uh the uh komi rule that we watched and talked about on the last episode that i miss i forgot to say one thing about the show which is uh there's a scene where he's talking to cony where where Brenton glison is doing his Irish Trump like Papa dama I'm Donald Trump I'm here to talk about the president uh and he goes and he's he's talking about how he doesn't listen to experts or uh you know political people, he talks to tv people, because tv people actually have uh stakes in their jobs, they can, if they don't get ratings, they lose, and so they have to be right, now of course that's very easy to undermine and and point out the absurdity of, because no, they don't have to be right, they just have to be entertaining, but that shows that Trump understood American politics better. than anybody at the time and why he won more than anything is that he understood that being entertaining is being right, it's the same fucking thing now, entertaining is correctness, it's buse eyeballs are all that matters, which honestly is why i think this could curt him badly because uh in the last episode uh Felix was suggesting that Trump might win if he can just use the next month to maximize like to what he did in the debate. every day in terms of just getting everyone so disgusted and exhausted that instead of voting to turn the volume down they just stop voting, they just stay home and then the rabid rump of Trump supporters is enough to just sneak them over the uh finish line thanks to of course voter suppression uh and outright fraud and all the stuff that we know they're going to do one way or the other uh and i think this really hurts his chance to do that, he's in quarantine for two weeks now, i mean what's? you going to do? I did not predict this on Twitter, by the way, somebody made a fake tweet about me that was very funny, but no, that did not happen. I did not say he was going to do that. I did predict though, uh, talking about the debate that he would condemn Biden uh, for being racist due to passing, due to writing the crime bill, and say that all cops hate him because he is - a puppet of antifa and BLM in the same answer, and he did it, he did it in the same. fucking answer, which is just so, and more than anything reminds you that these people are not operating off of premises or political motivation, political ideology, they just have a few lumps of facebook lard in their brain, they're shuffling around at any given moment and then barfing up, which is why he's beloved, because that's true of everyone likes him, they don't have political ideas, they have they have a Facebook feed that. provides them with something to tell people about what they're mad about on a day by day basis, but none of it connects to each other, none of it coheres into a whole, none of it has any coherency to speak up, there it's isolated, the only people who are threading things together, of course are the Q people, but they're doing it at a level of like esoteric uh analysis that is beyond even talking points, it's it's it's pulling things out of the talking points. Those birds are losing it up there, wow, they're really nuts, ah, if this is a... if they are ravens and they're they're quoting never more I'm going to be pissed, if they interrupt me when I go back inside here and I'm pouring over my quat and curious volumes of forgotten Lore, I am going to be megapissed, I'm going to come out here like Betty draper with a fucking beeb gun, no I'm not, they're fine, love all animals. what the hell is anarco-communism? i i always get mad, i get people always yell at me when i talk about anarchism so i'm not going to talk about it too much just to say that it's a way for people to think that they're good guys, it's a way to be like, i want all the good stuff without any of the bad stuff, and since it's all at the level of labels it doesn't really matter, but what matters is like how you are operating on. off of those labels, because one thing i know from like dealing even in the minimal way that i have with like the micro sects and you know emerging tendencies within the self-conscious left in this country, which is to say political cause players, myself included, there's no real coherence there anymore as there is the people like trump and facebook grandparents, like there are uh mls like people who i've seen call themselves you know in TSA for example like call themselves marxist leninists. who uh demand like regional autonomy for like their DSA chapter from a national, that's the exact opposite of Leninism is it applies to party structure, they like Leninism means democratic centralism which is like uh something like PSL has where there is a line that is enforced after a vote, once the vote is taken, the line is enforced, and you've got people call themselves marxist lenonist saying, no, no, I want my chapter to be able to do. whatever it wants, well that's not, what, what, it's just cuuse the words have resonance, the words mean things emotionally, and then they want to apply those regardless of what it means to their actual lives, and that's not a huge deal as long as it doesn't obscure your ability to see what's happening in front of you, because i really don't think any of those labels mean anything when the nut cutting time comes, when people have to get offline and uh and engage with their hate to use the word, but community, oh shit, they're saying he's going to get experimental treatment, that's so funny. That's very funny. I mean, I don't know if that means hydrochloriquin, it would surely be funny if he took that oleander extract that the my pillow guy is flogging, which is apparently actually deadly. I got to say though, if he if he bounces back in two weeks and he's fine, I kind of think that's the most likely. scenario because he shouldn't be alive now, but fuck fuck covid, he shouldn't be alive, period, he should not be alive, what accuarial table tells you that a man who is the who is the exact shape of a frigidator refrigerator and eats nothing but grissel for three meals a day should be alive at the age of 74, so maybe he is impervious, maybe he's like his like Keith Richards. Of course, if he was uh, if he is, if he is felled by quack medicine, he will not be the first president to be. killed by uh uh quack medicine uh, i think we've talked about it on the stream before, but george Washington, father of our country, was killed by a guy a doctor whose only treatment for uh, for whatever the hell uh he had, i'm not sure i don't know if anyone knows what he had, but it was it was one of those classic went out, went out and rod in the rain and came home and got ill, you know type of situations, pneumonia or something, he just bled it. he's just like, he's still sick, got to get more blood out of there, and he literally just draculed the father of our country today, and then of course there's uh garfield who was killed by his quack doctor friend, uh, who insisted on sticking uh, unsanitized fingers into the bullet hole, and then most damagingly of all, refused to allow him to be fed orally, but instead reptily, which caused him to over the course of... his uh attempted convolescence to lose like 60 pounds, which made it much harder for him to fight off the infection, which could have been defeated if they had just uh sewn him up after the gunshot cuz the bullet didn't hit anything, anything vital, it got lodged like in a in the broad muscles with his lower back, trying to think of who else. I'm trying to think of anybody else died of uh, died hilariously among presidents, I mean Nelson Rockefeller who was the v unelected VP for Ford, uh, he died pretty funny, he he died having sex with his mistress, William Henry Harrison famously said to have died because... he uh gave a speech in the rain and got pneumonia, that's possible, but my opinion is is that he died for the same reason that Zachary Taylor died and James Pulk right after his turm ended, which is during the 1840s, uh, there was behind the white house, about a couple hundred yards, maybe not even that far, a giant sewage lagoon, a huge open air pit of human feces. which most likely gave cholera to one or three of those guys, they say Zachary Taylor died from milk and cherries uh, there was also a theory for a long time that he was poisoned by the slave power to stop him from uh resisting um allowing slavery into western, the western territories claimed in the Mexican war, but he was most likely killed by the poop water as well. In fact, Zachary Taylor, I think I think it's a while ago now, I think it's like 20 years ago, he was um disintered because they wanted to test his body for arsenic, because arsenic lasts very long in the human body and you can actually uh do test for it in hair, you don't even have to do an autopsy, so they they un they they dug them up and they cut some hair loose, but they didn't find any arsenic. Cool, just had a heart attack, I thought while shaving, I believe shaving. even just dropped that presidents don't die like they used to, they don't die at all, they live forever, fucking uh Jimmy Carter's 96 now, he has had a brain tumor for five years, the Herbert Hoover also lived into his 90's, of course Ronald Reagan, Bush, these guys they have all the adrenachrome, like they they've literally taken all everyone else's uh animal spirit into themselves and allowed them to live forever because they they they don't suffer the same. health risks that the rest of us do, because they pile up uh our our labor to to keep them alive. I mean somebody will die prematurely at some point, but I don't know, I don't know, I wouldn't want to bet on which one it is, sure not going to be Obama, you know he's got the best, he's got the best in the chrome possible, he'll be 150. Have you read about the bloody uh Baron Unger Sternberg in the Russian civil war? I have, in fact I highly recommend the book, the bloody white baron about him, because that is an insane story. Uh, so during the Russian civil war, you might know this or not, you know, there was a the basic geography was is that the bolchevics held roughly the center of the Russian. territory, and then at the around the edges were a number of rebel armies under different commands, which is the big reason that the polish won against them against such long odds and against you know the combined attempted intervention of the uh of the allies from world war one is that they held the middle, they held the middle area, which means that they had internal lines of defense and stuff, and and they could coordinate in a way that the white armies just couldn't, uh, and there was one white army uh under a... a uh like an old prussian aristocrat named uh unger baron Ungers von Sternberg who uh uh had a ragdag army in Mongolia where he essentially declared himself like a reincarnated uh Buddha and had like kind of a weird quasai mystic buddhist uh cannibal army in the Mongolian hinterland before. the uh before the before he was finally defeated by the bolshevics and executed. there's a very interesting um moment there because after he was caught he was brought to a nearby city and displayed for the town like they put him on a stage and people came and watched him and like asked him questions about what he had done and he defended himself before they uh before they i think hanged him but he was a complete psycho uh and yeah he thought he was like he was a god on earth, it was very much a colonel Kurt situation uh and he had his his guys massacring civilians and and and desserters and and uh he made deals with like local uh uh like buddhist mongolian religious leaders to to like co-rule with them interesting very interesting story and uh there's a detail from that book that I think is one of the most chilling things i've ever i've ever encountered which is that uh when one of the um one of the Romanovs one of the one of the one of the girls while she was in captivity and they found out later um her she had written while she was in uh in her cell wherever she had like a a journal and she was drawing swasticas she just was drawing she had a bunch of swastickers, this is like 1918, because you know the nazi party did it emerged from an esoteric tradition in in among uh specifically among European aristocracy, which sternberg was representing, which the romanovs were part of, which uh ended up in Germany finding expression in the tool society, which was a group of esoteric, cultic, wealthy Germans back the naz'. in the early era, so I recommend that book, it's very, it's it's short, it's well-written uh, and there's lots of good gory details, they're saying he has a high fever, oh fuck, oh boy, way, that's not good, god if he does die, oh my god, he dies before the election, goddamn, i mean if he died before the election, how could we handle that, like he has been, this man has been the single focus of the emotional energy of what, I'd say 50 million Americans, something like that, either against him or for him, like he has been the star that their psychic world has revolved around, we have all, even if we don't have that much emotional investment in him as a person, we've all been living in his brain for the last four years and if he just was, oh yeah, he's gone now, before this election, it's supposed to be this titanic contest that might might turn into a civil war according to everybody you secretly jacking on off under their fucking chairs, for that to just be like, yeah, now it's over, one of the greatest anticlimaxes of all time, one of the great um um one of the great uh cock blockings honestly just an an entire nation with blue balls, i'm trying to think there's a i'm trying to think there's a book or a movie or something but It's got like one of those just hilariously anti-climactic endings. I'm trying to think of what it is. The closest thing we have to esoteric ridism in this country now. and you and if you saw that feels good man documentary and they the interview with the with the uh with the with the magician guy, it's probably like forchant, it's probably it's probably forums, it's probably reactionary forums full of those like incel child molesters who just concentrate have so much time on their hands that they can con and that they can they can collectively concentrate their will on on creating memes that they charge with dark power and then put out into the world. I would say that more than Q just because q is it's less self-conscious I think like these people don't these people think they're doing normal politics is the thing for now I think that's going to change as Q gets more intense and and and more broke but for now it's like they're normal they're they think they're normal still they think they're normal. is Qristian, it's not only. Christian, but it is largely Christian, it's its earliest proponents are definitely uh, evangelicals, there's it still is like, I say fundamentally evangelical, and I would say also, and I talked about this with Shawn on uh, history as a weapon that just came out, where we talk about queue, that the the new age people who are now part of queue are essentially secular evangelicals, the way that scientologists are, you know, like everyone's essentially an evangelical in this country because at least everyone who is pursuing the American dream self-consciously is an evangelical because the American dream is the dream of everyone being god, which is of course why mormons are the ideal Americans and the ones who have done the best at synthesizing uh a way of life out of American capitalism, because they were the first ones to to twitch onto what America really meant, and they went out west where there was still land, they grabbed some even all the shit and by virtue of the fact that they sublimated uh capitalism into their social fabric, they were able to present the they were able to prevent the the dirasination that happened to everybody else uh, but but you know everyone is seeking that, they're the only ones to have it as a theological uh principle, but everyone is seeking god to be seeking godhood on earth, and it's it's it's it's why we are consuming the world. because the American dream is that the the access to material excess that used to be the province of gods on earth, kings, emperors, sattraps, uh, potentates, is now for everybody, everybody can have that, and and and like the idea of a social good is is consumption, well, there's a math. I could, it's not hard math problem to show why that's not sustainable, and that's why we need a new uh, a new religious framework, a new spiritual and value framework that that de that deemphasizes material, not, not in the interest of austerity for everybody, like oh, you know, like the way Carter did, hey, you guys should, you guys should stop uh, stop being so materialistic and and save some energy, it's like, well, motherfucker, how about you create a world where that's even possible, you know, uh, it's about changing this. social inputs in such a way that uh that living is possible, living in the absence of striving for material gain is possible. well it says abundance for everybody, but abundance in what, you know, like abundance, if it's abundance in Hamburgers, if it's abundance in fucking high fructose corn syrup, it's if it's abundance in micmansions, that's not a viable social model, like abundance has to be defined socially, like everyone should have an abundant access to to the the what is best in life, but what that is can't can't be determined by the market, because the market's answer will always be consumption. what is best in life? uh, chilling, chilling with the homes i think. Now what is best in life sure shit is not crushing your enemies and seeing them driven before you. That might be good in Hyperboria, but we have we now have our we are not, we understand ourselves as part of a fucking human species, someone wants to know what books to recommend on John brown uh, obviously if you want to rate enough. which has a lot like has it has a lot of like if you want to know like what happened in terms of just bare facts there's a lot of accuracy that's very well researched cloud splitter uh but uh there's also kind of considered a pretty uh authoritative biography from David Reynalds called John brown abolitionist the man who killed slavery sparked the civil war and seaded civil rights. what's the progressive international? is this a replacement of the fake pathetic socialist international? buse honestly i feel like that's going backwards in the terminology. progressive is one of my least favorite words on earth. there was a period of a brief. period when i was all heady with the concept of of of Bernie winning and and uh and and if not bringing about social democracy at least changing the game and I'm imagining a world where in the future you know that battle has been fought and uh I always thought it'd be fun to write a book in that position about Elizabeth Warren called the last progressive just the idea of Warren at that I mean that if Bernie had won of course if uh uh Warren representing sort of the last gasp of of of the progressive uh tradition in America, sadly that did not happen, not don't like that word, is that something from yanis ver facus? because I absolutely, I think that his analysis, his his his analysis uh of the situation and his insistence that we need to think in terms of building institutions that transcend national boundaries is. very very true, like I think this idea that you're gonna, I understand the argument and and I agree with it that in the current moment, national political institutions are the only ones that people can have any effect on really, and so that's where people have to focus their energy, but I think there has to be an eye at all times on the on the on the necessity to transcend that, because because uh, international cooperation is going to be the only way that we we mitigate the worst of the crisis we're in. um, but he doesn't seem to really have a very at least successful uh uh project going on, I know that his uh... uh his election, his his his party or whatever, in EU is is not doing, is very doing very poorly. I like Nichi, someone asked what's my thoughts on nichi, I'm a big, I'm a fan, gets bum, mostly thanks to his awful nazi sister, no, he didn't kill God, we killed God, he just noticed. I don't think he was a reactionary, I and and and yeah, he he didn't like socialism because he was he was repelled by any kind of uh, you know, uh, any project that sublimated like the individual like that, and yeah, because he was a romantic, it's but like there's still useful stuff there, you can't just like reject or embrace things. Someone is asking about like the idea of like using nationalism and patriotism to sell socialism? I think any at this point, I think we should see that there is no future. in branding that that what we're branding is too hegemonically capitalist to accommoding a alternative within it that could genuinely challenge it cuz like when people talk about how like Bernie wasn't uh like patriotic enough or he didn't he didn't like salute the troops enough or whatever that all feels like people uh pipping picking that shit out of pepper because that was not the the the he did not run on like America, the United snakes, he ran on boiler plate, America is a great country and it deserves a great you know system and all that stuff, there was no way to add to that that was gonna that was going to change the fundamental dynamic, which is that somebody, somebody in that uh field is going to have to is going to be pitching themselves to a specific group of people iE voters, and those voters are... going to be taking their cues if they're democrats specifically from a media apparatus and from a party that is just fundamentally uh incapable of assimilating that level of uh of government intervention into the to into our blessed neoliberal uh market system and there's no way around that and and i and i think people thinking of ways to you know buff it up and and and throw some uh throw some cool uh tires onto it and turn it into a fucking suv with a big american flag or something none of that is going to change the the under the fundamental issue which is that what alienates people from Berniey among the people you needed him not to be alienated by are two things one if you are a voter if you're a democratic voter you are taking your quees from the democratic party and from the media apparatus which means that it's a non-starter there's not enough america flag kissing he could do and secondly, the second group uh, are not paying attention, so they don't fucking notice if he's wearing a flag pin, they don't care if he's wearing a fucking truck or hat, they're not paying attention, and that is the problem, and if they're not paying attention to politics, I don't think they really are humping the symbols of patriotism, in such a way that they are like just waiting to be activated by the right incantation. and also like all that patriotic stuff like that's all coded already like you can't pry that stuff away from its context like when people talk about patriotism they're not just using it as a as a broad concept it's connected to other specific subconcepts that are antithetical to a socialist project prying it off prying it off. is not the easy task that people think it is, and I think it's it's because of that, it's more fruitful to look lower, to look to look to more basic stuff than to branding. Democrats are will go fe and on over time, as I said, everyone who is politically minded will go q and on over time, because things are going to keep getting worse, politics is going to continue not intersecting with actual conditions, and that means that you're either going to have to stop paying attention, which a lot of people are going to do and just check out from it, but the ones to keep paying attention on all sides of the isle are going to have to get more and more intensely esoteric with their... parsing of symbols in order to invest the whole pageant with any meaning, because like Q started with a very simple from a very simple crisis point, like we talked about how you know it's the difference between the America they find themselves in and America that they have in their head, but more specifically it happened because Trump was to them the guy who was going to make America great again, he was going to fix the problems, he was going to get rid of the siccos, he was going to... more than anything be their avenging angel against the people who they blame, because resentment is the engine of politics at this point on all sides, and then he got in there and he didn't do it, nobody went to jail, hillary for one thing, like lock her up was the essential, like forget great America great again, lock her up was as important, if not more so a slogan of 2016 Trump campaign, and did he lock her up? no, in fact at one point he even admitted that he wasn't going to lock her up in front of a bunch of hooding chuds after... got elected, he says to him, that was good for the campaign, that was fun, but yeah, like he was just telling these people, you actually fucking thought we were going to throw Hillary Clinton in jail, I don't fucking care, um, and so that was what they had to square, Trump supposed to be putting these people in jail, he's supposed to be cleaning out the small, and yet everything's the same, it's cuuse it's happening behind the scenes, democrats do that too, like with all the with Obama, with all the 11th dimensional chest stuff, and like queen polos'. see uh how she's got a trick upper sleep, that's only going to get more and more intense, like biden gets in there and does nothing about the crisis, which is probably going to happen, uh, democrats are going to go get brain too, even more so to try to parse uh, now because queue exists and is coded as trumpy and republican and reactionary, it will look differently, it will self-consciously be different, because they will have this example that they're not going to want to be like, but in content in terms of motivation and the uh engagement between politics and their world, like the way that they're approaching it, not as uh, you know, a a actual um exercise of power that is happening in public and that you're observing, but as a uh secret coded veil that you have to pierce. They gave regeneron to Trump, they're not giving him hydrochloriquin, what the fuck, regeneron, that sounds like a uh, that sounds like a drug in like a Robocop remake, like some sort of rich. person stem cell thing that uh gives you a tail and uh laser vision or something if he if they gave him energeon cubes we're fucked uh if if Donald Trump turns into a decepticon I don't think uh it matters how many proud boys show up the polling places in November oh Regeneron is the company. Okay, that's still, that's also sounds creepy, that's like a company in a robot movie, regeneran is a uh subsidiary of OCP. What if melania dies and Trump doesn't that be funny? Malania dies of the covid and he survives? or Don Jr dis of it and he doesn't. I think Harris would beat Pennce if it came to that. Every Trump dies except Baron and then he becomes the the false Dimitri who who uh emerges to lead the nation through its time of trouble. Baron von the bloody white baron von Baron Trump, he's huge, he's absurdly huge, and he is uh, he is a virgin chad, he is the he is, he is the synthesis, that Dorc one time said that Trump was going to complete the cycle of german idealism, he didn't know that it was Baron, not Donald, buse you see him, he's just giant man, and yet he does the virgin walk. Shit, that's true, somebody says the selections between a German Catholic and a German protestant, it's 30 years war all over again, fuck, Yeah, I have read about 30 years award, it's pretty intense, honestly kind of crazy how little an effect it has on popular culture, considering how hair raisingly, monstrously violent it was, uh, the number of people who died uh injure. Germany was absolutely catastrophic, I'm trying to find the uh the death toll, but I think they estimate like a quarter of the German population or something like that died during the war, entire regions completely despoiled Swedish armies marching like fucking locusts across the countryside and just destroying towns and castles and villages. Yeah, the Swedish army itself destroyed one-third of... all towns in Germany, over 1500, Sweden, Gustavus Adolphus, the uh, the most interesting players in this 30 years war were of course the French, because France was a... a catholic power of Europe uh, but it fought with the protestant league against the catholics, because the catholics were led by the Habsburgs and the Hapsburgs were considered a greater threat to the burbones than uh than any kind of any any uh potato eating uh fucking scandos and square heads in fact it was a a catholic cardinal cardinal rishlu himself uh or not rishl uh a different guy who uh Who advised France to get into that war on the on behalf of the protestants, which of course means it was not just a religious conflict, it was good old fashion power politics, which is always what it ends up being, people forget that uh, that that people of course forget that Sweden was a world power in Europe uh in the in the 60. in in 17th century uh and 18th century they actually had a North American colony uh Delaware and parts of New Jersey were uh were called new suite. until Peterson and the Dutch kicked him out and then after Charles the uh the 12th just got their asses kicked against the Russians they just said we'll fine we'll just do furniture from now on no more wars for us. Who killed Palm? Uh, Gladio, broadly. South Africans probably specifically, but like that whole spider network. Palm was a thorn in the side of uh of the anti-communists inner. national that was uh by the 80's going ham in South Africa, in Latin America, operation Condor, uh, but also genocides in central America, uh, Italy, of course, Belgium, and he was uh, it wasn't hard to kill him, that's for sure, you say killing the leader of... country is a bit over the top though, but i mean if if the the latest revelations are right, the guy who pulled the trigger was some crank, because cranks are great if if you have an intelligence operation uh, because even if they get caught, they don't, they're too dysfunctional to have like a live connections to anything, uh, and also when you look at how easy it was to kill him. dude had no bodyguards, was leaving a movie theater with his wife, and then the guy shot him, even though he was maybe just this crank, got away with it and never got caught, he's dead now, i actually don't know if the business plot is real, i don't know how real the business plot was, i believe that smetley butler had these conversations, but i don't know if it went even beyond that, but it definitely indicates that. you now, even though FDR was the savior of capitalism in many ways, that capitalists were not all on the same page as to whether they wanted to be saved, which is why, which is the which is the value of government, which is the value of democracy in a capital system is that it not only does it provide popular legitimacy to legitimize all the exploitation and horror of it, but it also allows for the coordination of behavior that individual actors within it are never going to uh sign off on. because it hurts their bottom line, i just want to end and on that note of like like what's realistic for capitalist to do uh, i want to say that i just rewatched for a first time in a number of years Michael Clayton, which i think is getting it's people are talking about it more and more these days uh and a movie that came out in that great year, the last great movie year in American film, 2007. there will be blood, no country for old men, zodiac, uh, before the devil knows you're dead, uh, and Michael Clayton, that's just off the top my head, there's more than I'm not even remembering, uh, and I think now Clenton might be the best one of those honestly, just because it is in my mind, just the perfect legal thriller, it's like it is, it does everything. that it could do with the material that is that it's made up of it, the performances are amazing, Tom Wilkinson obviously is fantastic, but Kluny has never been better in that movie, he does so much stuff with his face, so he's just like he's this twitchy mask that's always looking like it's going to pop open, really good stuff, um, but if you haven't seen the movie, spoiler alert, uh, turn i'm going to stop after this so you can log off if you want to go watch it and I highly recommend going and watching it uh so if you don't want to spoiler drop off now uh buse I will just be wrapping up here after I finish saying that so the plot of the movie is that uh Tom Wilkinson is this big shot lawyer with this firm that's defending an agricultural uh agribusiness giant against the lawsuit from a bunch of farmers in Wisconsin that they uh gave them that they sold them a fertilizer that gave them all cancer and it's been going on for years but in the middle of a de has a psychotic break and freaks out and and uh the firm brings in George Coney who's the fixer, he doesn't do litigation, he just he just smooths over shit for people. uh, which is something that all the capital system needs, those lubricants, a guy to uh to uh, I guy to patch over uh the rough spots and and do the things that are not within the realm of the law necessarily, and they bring him in because he's a friend with him to to talk him down, but at one point eventually uh, the uh head of the internal uh legal team for the uh, show company played by Childa swinton uh hires these dudes to kill Tom Wilkinson and then later uh George Clooney after it looks like he's getting too close to the case and she's working on behalf of uh this the big the CEO of the company who's played by uh he was Ed Truck in uh the office uh also uh on 30 rock he was uh Hank hooper and I think what's really well observed about it is that and I remember at the time when it came out. Ross Douthit complained that it was unrealistic because a corporation wouldn't just have someone killed, it wouldn't just have people killed, because it's a corporation, they have zillions of dollars, like even if they lose this lawsuit, and like the big thing is on the fact that uh, the litigator, the Tom Wilcomson character has a document, it's like a absolute smoking gun that these guys knew the drug killed people, knew the uh the fertilizer killed people and didn't do anything about it, like the stuff that means you're dead, you're fucked, you're going to you're going to have to spend $30 billion dollars on this fucking thing. um is that the order doesn't come from the top guy, the order doesn't come from Hank Cooper, the CEO, because even if this comes out, what's the worst thing that happens? he has to retire two years early, right? he has to take his golden parachute, parachute uh a little ahead of time before he goes in golfs, like oh maybe he has to go in front of congress, like he's not going to jail, he'll be fine, the stock holders will take a hit, they'll be pissed at him, but like there's insurance, it'll all be fine, the person who orders the hit is till the swinton, because for her the stakes are vastly higher, because if this goes south, her career is ruined and she doesn't have the golden parachute, she's just she's just like halfway up the mountain, she doesn't want to get thrown to the bottom, she has the fear of falling, and that is where all of the monsters extra legal stuff happens, not at the commanding heights, because the guys at the commanding heights they're not really at risk of anything. our system exists to completely uh protect them from any real consequences of their actions, because like paying a fine with somebody else's money and then like resigning your job is not a real consequence for killing in this case like hundreds of people with a fucking uh fertilizer uh or pesticide it was rather um it's people in the middle it's people who want that and aren't there yet and could maybe face real consequences if something happened because they could go to jail. those are the people who who pull the trigger or order others to pull the trigger, are the ones floating in the middle? those are the guys who do would do something like have a of palmas assassinated maybe? okay, i'm gonna, i'm gonna log off here, but first some uh halloween movie recommendations, good idea halloween 3, season of the witch. you don't even have to have seen the first two cuz it's totally disconnected which is hilarious because they wanted to make it into an anthology series after the third after the second one but then nobody liked it so they went back to the Michael Meyer stuff which first two are good after that it's like no they should they should have stuck with the with the idea of a anthology anthologies are highly underrated especially horror anthologies uh and on that uh third sequel second sequel tip exercise three uh one directed by the writer of exorcist uh, a a wahabist catholic, william Peter who also made a great movie called um the ninth configuration, the only two movies he ever directed and both of them are really good, um, fright night two, you mean a sequel to the original one with William Ragsdale and uh and Roddy mcdowel, I didn't know there was a sequel to that, that was a movie I saw a bunch as a kid. Right night two, oh no, this is a sequel to the remake, get out of here, and it doesn't even have the same cast, get out of here, uh, let me think of some other ones, yeah, three and a half stars, that's good, people on. the stairs is fun, i like the you got to love blunt political allegory, evil dead two. yes of course army of darkness 2 army of darkness 2 even though that's not scary. i did i recently watched wake and fright which is not i don't think really a horror movie except for the scene where they shoot they really shoot all those kangaroos which is pretty gruesome uh but i do like to think that it is a horror movie where the premise is what if you had to hang out with australians that's the horror oh and uh in john carpenter uh on john carpenter tip uh obviously the thing, but prince of darkness, which is underrated and the mouth of madness, which is also underrated. I did see Miracle Mile, that movie is nuts. Uh, that's a great nuclear holocaust paranoia movie where Anthony Edwards overhears someone on the phone saying that there's a nuclear missile headed towards Los Angeles in like four hours and they have to try to. get out of the city in time, drag me the hell is a lot of fun, i got to say i haven't really liked a lot of these new these new fangled horror films, i haven't seen one in a bit that i really really like. but hopefully something soon, miracle mile is the one about uh the nuclear uh attack on los angeles, that actually would make a nice in terms of like the time frame, some of the setting uh, it would actually make a good double feature with night of the comet if anyone seen that which is about a couple of valley girls who survive a nuclear attack. Yeah, I'm going to watch the new invisible man soon, before the before the month is out, oh shit. there was a fright night 2 in 1988 and it's out of print fuck now i'm very intrigued oh yeah there it is tommy leelis Roddy Mcbowel back oh man oh it's not available anywhere is it streaming anywhere okay i got to see that cuz i buse the original fright night is a foundational movie for me, the scene when evil turns into a fucking uh, like a wolf man thing after he gets the steak, that's that's seward in my mind, you're so cool, bruster, all right, i got to try to find, i got to find try to find fightn too, all right guys, monster squad, of course, of course, of course, Bye-bye folks, stay frosty and uh, get well soon, get well soon, president Trump, LOL, long live the broomstick.