 I have to say that one of the things that makes me feel oldest in the universe, and of course I feel very old looking at the internet all day, all these children running around on my lawn, it would be that there is a very popular rapper, so popular in fact that he has his own signature, meal whose rap name, not real name, whose rap name is Travis Scott, what, what is this, what is going on with the kids, is it all the is it the scissor up, is it the tik tocks, their brains, not not an MC, not not a not a young, not a not a frek, no, not a sir, nothing, just some just like - i i'm i'm not even MC Travis Scott, I'm just Travis Scott, what, what in the world is going on, I mean, is it all, is it just, is it the draining of hope for the future, is that the idea that like why would i even bother coming up with a with a hip not hip hop persona when there's no point to anything? is that the idea? don't get it, one of the many things I don't get. uh, hey guys, are you ready for some hand egg? a Sunday party, it's hand egg time guys, remember when people would say hand egg, remember reddit, remember bacon, they'd say hand egg and sports ball, those are the days, now you can, you only hear those things ironically, making fun of people who haven't said that uh, in in 10 years and half of whom are probably dead of covid, man, what's wrong with Com Brady that he's still playing in Tampa Bay of all places, what's wrong with his brain? I mean, obviously he's a quarterback, there's probably significant amount wrong with his brain, but I mean Brady has got to be one of the most blessed quarterbacks ever in terms of that, I mean how many, they basically made it illegal to hit him, his how many concussions has Brady even had in his career compared to even the average quarterback who of course are some of the least... uh uh concussed players on a football field so his brain's probably relatively intact and yet he's still at 41 with seven super bowls uh he's got to go win one with the fucking bucks hole in his soul man hole in his motherfucking soul no Aaron Rogers will never win the world series again all-time top five quarterback and he won't win more than one that's too bad. I want him to win one just so that he could definitively be proven is better than farve and the thing is Brett farv was my quarterback as a child. I have deep deep emotional associations with him that I could never put on to Rogers who showed up when I was older and when I'd actually kind of stopped caring about football that much uh but I got to recognize reality. I can't become one of these people who's totally his brain is deformed by nostalgia. Rogers is way better than farv ever was and I would like him to get one more world one. more superball than that fucker, it's just such a shame that his best years were wasted by that that overgrown plus sized todd child toddler model, that ashbosh gosh bagosh cover boy, Mike Mccarthy, goddamn, uh so today I wanted to start talking about um something people are freaking out about a little bit that farv said today, they were talking about the guy in Portland who got shot by the cops after killing the patriot prayer guy, the guy who I think there's relatively strong circumstantial case was probably some sort of confidential informament with the police and either was like put up to shooting him by the cops or maybe. like a tamerain sarnav thing kind of got too into his role that he was supposed to be playing, because he very very suspiciously had totally apological social media until like... three months ago and then he got a BLM tattoo on his neck like two days before he shot the guy very eyebrow raising as I like to say like I I don't like to say any of this stuff happened because it leads you down a rabbit hole I like to say my eyebrow is cocked so he's talking about this guy getting shot and he says uh you know there has to be retribution he was a bad guy he was nasty and people are going oh my god oh my fucking god uh he's admitting that they he basically put a hit out on this guy that he said go kill this guy because he shot one of my beloved uh, my beautiful boaters, my beautiful land boaters, and I understand that that's a way to read that quote, but I honestly don't think that that's the correct read, at least from my experience with Trump, and you can tell me if you disagree, but Trump's presidency has been absolutely one of a kind in that he experiences being president as the act of watching himself be president, not to be president. He does not think of himself, he does not conceive of himself as president, the way that those guys who clawed and scraped their way up the political mud hill to get to the top and killed everybody, stabbed their mother to do it, guys who shed any soul they had in the pursuit of this office, which is basically all of it, they got there so that they could embody that power, so that they could feel like they're on the their hands are on the fucking wheel, which of course is a joke bause it isn't really like Bill Clinton found out himself, you you mean to tell me my presidenty is in the hands of a bunch of bond traders, that's what he said, when he found out no, they're not going to let you uh, they're not let you do anything other than deregulate and cut taxes and balance the budget if you have time. Trump does not think of himself as having power, because all he really cares about is what the media thinks of him, and even as president he doesn't have total power over that, so he does not consider himself in power because he gets to watch people be critical of him. That's not power, so he see he, and that's why by the way, he is beloved by his base, because that's how safe you the world, these are, I mean the people who've elected him are people who just watch tv all day or they're on facebook, but mostly tv uh, and they they want a president vibes on that level, but what what I, but one of the consequences of that is that I just have a very hard time imagining him giving it calling up uh the US marshall service and saying, yeah, I'm going to need Raylin givens to shoot this guy, bang bang, he killed one of my... guys, he killed one of my precious guys, one of my boters, you can say that likely, i think much more likely is uh, either because the cops were very angry at this guy for killing a fellow uh white supremacist or he was an op and had to be killed to prevent a investigation of the case which would reveal certain things and i think that's just as plausible if not more so he saw it and he goes good you got to do it way to go guys he's talking to on tv, he's like go way to go get him, and i think that that reality is key to why he might actually fucking win re-election, obviously a big part of it will just be good old fashion uh uh voter suppression, voter theft uh uh you know uh vote vote fraud on the part of like the people administering the vote as opposed to the Porschemocks to get accused of it who never actually do it and have no ability to you know like the Brian kemp georgia uh governor race playbook so we're going to have that, but even with that, you're going to need him to retain a substantial number of voters who did not vote for him in 2016 with the brain like the lizard brain that recognized him as one of their own and wanted to elevate him as like the king of the lizards, like has had a relatively like uh uh distanced like a relative detachment from politics, they were not ready, they were not just sitting there waiting for someone to imprint on their brain and take over the role of Jesus Christ for. which is what happened to his base, but his base would never have been enough to elect even in 204 20 2016. he needed people who are willing to take a chance on him, people who just vote for republicans in general, even if they don't like Trump in particular, and his performance in the last four years should by any logical stretch make all those people vote against it or at the very least not show up for it and tip the balance for even a gener a senile walking abomination like Biden who, hey, you know, he's not got it on the ball, but these guys fucked up so bad and presumably somebody at byden's white house will know what they're doing. i think one of the reasons that that might not happen, and you might see an unprecedented number of people vote for a president uh, reelect a president during like one of the single worst uh material conditions relative to when they took office that has ever existed. no one has gone, no one has gone farther down in every category, economic, public health, uh, the street violence, like a sense sense of of burning the entire west coast on fire, i mean a failure to deal with any of these things and more importantly as i said a failure to deal with any of these crisis first. help manufacture them and then to fail to deal with them in any way. no one has ever had that and one, i mean how very few have you even had that period, but none of ever had that and one, 2004, are you fucking kidding me? what are you talking about? that's insane. 9:11 changes the entire thing there, 911 changed redefine that race, redefine that presidency. i mean hell, there's a world where 9/11 doesn't happen with Bush, but Bush one 9/11 still doesn't happen, i mean if he didn't do it. obviously or he tried to do it and bungle it uh, one of the real reasons I think they'd fuck it up is because they'd have Halliburtton do it for like $500 billion dollars and they end up just like putting an M80 on the toilet at uh the fucking like pentagon or something but say there's no 911 Enron might have brought down Bush not just with the economic drop but his his incredibly close connection to that company I mean he flew around in the enron jet during the campaign he was uh um Ken had his fucking was on his shortlist for energy secretary, it could have been a big deal, but anyway, this is unprecedented, and the reason it doesn't happen is because most people are not psychologically dedicated, have not subsumed their very like self and their ambitions and their wans and dreams and their autonomy to a figure on television like Trump when when they deal with politics. now that's the way everyone will eventually, remember these people are the leading indicator, that trumpian identification, that is the only thing that's left for us now. because politics stopped meaning anything a long time ago, but it became more and more important to people as things got worse, so things get worse and worse because politics is lost, like it's the market, the market does it, politics is just where you argue about it and feel bad about it, so of course it's going to have to get more and more personal, and so that trumpian like fixation where there's nothing he can do that's wrong and no material condition can change your opinion of him because you are already seeing things from his point of view, that's identical, there's no difference, the way he justifies himself, you instantly do it yourself, he doesn't have to convince you, you already have made the leap, and that's the way we're going, but we're not there yet, at least I thought we weren't there yet, and I honestly thought we weren't there to elect Trump in 2016, so this might be another reason to think he might win, uh, but one of the things I think might get those people, those those light Trump voters is that they understand at a certain level that he's not in charge, but at least he is mad on their behalf, and at least he makes the people who are in charge, the two parties, the media mad at him all the time, and that will provide enough of a basis to vote for him, because they have lost any belief that anyone else could have done any differently, and that's the important thing because you say, obviously people aren't going to vote for Trump after what happened, but if they don't think the democrats can do better, then why not have the guy who will theatrically channel their rage at the... same people they hate, and they have every reason to hate these people, they have every reason to hate the Democratic Party, they have every reason to hate the media. so kudos to him, if he gets that, if he does that, he will have performed something that no political figure in his country has ever even come close to, and it will be because he is a singular genius at being... famous which should tell you all you really need to know about what the political process actually is in this country at this point, what it actually represents, what what levers it really touches? which is why these liberals who are freaking out about trump about how we need biden to win, just the way it's a moral necessity, i mean come on people, you really think that there's anything these people could do if they wanted to, and they sure shit don't want to, that doesn't mean? doomed it means that this process has played itself out and it the and our our the fate of humanity is the fate of humans starting with the fate of uh Americans which are sadly intertwined because we are the head of this dragon is going to depend on us realizing that that this game is over, this is that this puppet show is done and of course you can't take any liberal seriously certainly not any of the ones who have any position in the media or... in the party that led to the stamped to Biden, you can't let any of them get away with even pretending that they care if Trump gets reelected, because they willingly and intentionally. helped fix in a race or at least um rigid as much as they had to to the benefit of someone who they knew was mentally incompetent for the job. now I'm not saying that means that they were responsible because oh you're going to put a bad like that in charge. no, it's that they knew he was a guy who wouldn't be able to run a real race against Trump, he would they were going to have to keep in a closet the whole time and they were still okay with it, which means they were okay with losing. giving it to Bernie was worse. been losing to Trump, which means losing to Trump by definition can't be that bad, so they're full of shit, they're absolutely full of shit, I mean the base morons, the ones whose whose opinions are totally made by like MSNBC, they probably don't real, they didn't realize that Biden was doomed, they thought Biden was the most elected, electable, but that's because they listen to those idiots, they listen to these people who made a choice to pick someone who is fucking, he could win, but my god, you are throwing it into doubt in a way you didn't have to, but he was the only choice left, he was the only card on the table, how many quotes has by has uh come out from Obama, either leaked himself or leaked by close confidence, where he says Biden doesn't have it, if there's one person who could fuck this up, it's Joe Biden, and he's the motherfucker who made the phone calls to make him the nominee, so every time he talks about how it's an existential threat, he can jack me off, buse he picked a guy in his heart didn't have the the the stamina to even run against Trump, a guy who ran against like a woman who is not beloved, certainly Hillary Clinton, but one who is an unparalleled like dynamo of of at least ambition, this guy is just waiting for the dinner bell at uh the home nursing home to ring so he could get some fucking pudding, you think he can just run a real race against Trump when he can't even string three words together, and that's why... he's going down to the poles, maybe not enough to lose, but enough to make it way closer than by any rights it should be, because people are like realistically thinking, okay, he's supposed to be the alternative to this horror, these dead bodies and this turmoil, but he's not even there, oh somebody's roasting corn right now in the neighborhood, oh my god that smells good, I'm not doing an only fans no, I don't think anyone wants to see that, thank you. I should do a growth stream soon, um, I was thinking I might for my birthday later this month, I might, I might do the brisket and I might do a... stream, not during eating it, but uh, but like maybe an hour is worth of you know tending it. my birthday is on the i would probably do it the weekend before, but yes my birthday is debate night, so it's definitely that debate is going to be an omen of something, an omen of my next year, because it's either going to be with the best cresen i've ever had if these two demented old men just jabber at one another and and start mentally regressing, trump just thinks he's yelling at uh uh he's like yelling at - John Mackinro at Studios 50 uh 54 about which one of them is going to get the hit on Stephanie Seymore and Biden is is is knife fighting cornpop in the in the in the trunk of a 57 Chevy. Yes Libra, libra. I actually know my whole chart now. I've got my chart. If anyone knows uh the zodiac I'd be interested to hear your take. I am libra sun, capricorn moon, leo. rising, earth wind and fire, baby, apparently people keep saying I look like an insane uncle today, and I got to say uh, insane uncle energy is stuff I love, you know, it's so funny you guys talking to me about this and and how you you know these a lot of young people listen to these streams and really like they like... they like what they're hearing and they find me like some sort of figure who's helped them like think their way through the world. i have younger cousins and i would see them twice a year uh i'd see them on the christmas, i'd see them at our family reunion in the summer. all the way grown up from little shavers, they're full grown men now, buse like i was like a uh like 12 when they were, i was like, i'm i think i'm like not even 10 years older than than these kids, and uh, and they're all libertarians, i remember trying to explain rolls's veil of ignorance to my cousin one time, it just, i guess like you people really. ready to hear anything unless it comes from the internet now all right so what's the deal with that uh what do you mean what about air libra is an airsign leo rising people are saying omg leo rising i don't know what that means and someone said capricorn moon aw which is very cute but i don't know what that means Oh god, I wanted to talk about cutie, so thank you for reminding me, um, cutiest thing to me is awesome and hilarious, because obviously it's hysteria, it's goofy, it's like this, this is just some art, it's it's an art movie from france, it's like who even cares, but the thing now the the the... argument about it, i think is fascinating because it really shows the degree to which people don't, i don't think people really get this whole moment, i don't think people get q, i don't think they get the appeal of q, i don't think they they get the appeal of like this whole nacent like cultural reactionary uh like trumpian moment, because i've seen so many people yelling at these uh conservatives for being like hypocritical uh or for uh uh for being hysterical like talking, oh this is just satanic panic anymore, or oh but you guys, you guys are hypocrites, it really underestimates to degree to which they're clearly fucking with you, now obviously some of them aren't, like the base the grandmas, and like the wine moms who now undergird the moment, the people who undergirded the first satanic panic aren't fucking with you, they're serious because everyone doesn't think there's going to be a future, which means they're fixated psychotically on their children and the preservation of their children's innocence. because they know the world is just a giant grinding meat mod that's going to turn them into fucking Julian uh Chuck, whatever that is, cannibal sandwiches for everybody, that's life outside of the home, and they know that and they're terrified of it and it gets turned into this this fixation on preserving youth and innocence, but the way this took off, you don't think they're trying to fuck with all the people who spent the last five years at least as the as the sheriffs. of popular culture, the the self-appointed b sheriffs of wokeness going around and determining what's problematic, what needs to go, i mean we just saw, we just watched how many how many shows had blackface episodes purged from the royals uh uh in the last couple months and of course there a lot of that is just as coffering from corporations who were just trying to get people off their back but it's in a context where people take the like the uh uh uh people take what they see in in um in in cinema in in culture seriously as like a political vector and have decided that they're going to like make their political activism at least in part about shaping what appears on screen to promote wholesome things, less white uh, less toxic masculinity, less racism, less sentering of whiteness, more diversity from uh people. of other uh oppressed uh intersections uh uh like basically an idea of of politics where everybody grows up and as children grow up and they watch their screens they see a percentage of bad white male based entertainment and good poc and woc and i guess white women entertainment and although that changes depending on who's on top and uh and the more and whichever one wins, whichever one they see more of is going to determine which politics they have, and you can say that that's simplistic, but I don't want any other way they understand how they think this stuff works, to the degree that they have to put so much energy into shaping this stuff, uh, and so got to get rid of the bad things, uh, cancel hashtag, whatever, and got to put up the good things, and now these guys get to uh, get get to say, so you guys wanted to get cancel everything for being. racist, everything for being sexist, uh, problematic, whatever, and it needs to go off TV, and I don't get to watch it, but this show with 11-year-old showing their asses to each other is okay. okay, i mean it's they've just, it's a jijitsu move and it's it's and and it taps into a real live wire of panic about the future of these of of this country's children uh and about their like vulnerability and now we're back and it's like hey remember how you guys in the 90s said that in the 80's said that it was hysterical to blame popular culture for uh the way people uh lived that it's hysterical to blame violence in media for violence in real life. his isterical to blame sex and media for licentiousness in real life, and now you spent the last five years with bell book and candle demanding that popular culture demand uh uh meets certain political parameters in order to infect people's behavior because otherwise why does it matter? and now the line you draw is pedophilia. and i got to say they got you, they got your assess and i can see why people are mad and just stopping their hats like cartoon prospecters, they got your ass. and not to mention the fact that I mean we are in the queue world, we're in the epstean world and epstean had a lot to do with this, like these things rise from material conditions, the world's foremost uh uh child uh procurer for the rich and famous kills himself in federal custody, that creates a context, this is not a blouse, it's a shirt. this is bigger it's i've lost a little weight so my older shirts i realize now are getting a little big so it's like this whole cutie thing it's like it's the sewing yay or reap sewing yay reaping boo and like hey maybe maybe stop this bullshit maybe maybe realize the only way to win is not to play and disengage from this hysterical fucking jerkim off and of course that won't happen because everyone's captured by their emotional relationship to this arguments, but it would be nice if some people like stuff like this, stuff like Jessica krugg, i really the one girl whose name was like cv haddad, did you see that? there was a woman at UW Madison who claimed, she was italian and she was claiming to be black, it's like i'm sorry, you're about 100 years too late for that one uh and her fake name was like cv haddad like like cv like she's in she's trying to get a job as as a uh wokeness translator and her name is CV, it's like hi, I'm resume Johnson WOC at large, maybe it'd be nice, maybe it'd be nice if people were to do a little bit of soul searching, not gonna happen, not gna happen at all, no so it's going to be an argument about what programs to watch, a bunch of people huddled around a television in a fucking uh flooded kroger like with a little security camera tv with wires on arguing about what to watch, that's politics, that's the entire argument, why are people asking about the dune worm? i thought the dune trailer looked like shit, why is everything got to be so washed out, why does all the technology have to look like apple store shit? the armor was, it's like the armor on those on the guards in the in the throne room and return. last jedi, only it's not as colorful, it doesn't even have that going for it, it's all washed out, there's no silks, there's no, there's no flowing, anything, there's no sense of empire, it's just this grim, like capitalist realism, it's like the present but with space worms, i'll see it of course because it's a fun story and there's cool parts, i got to say the design of the... is pretty good, i like the idea that it's got like the baleline thing instead of teeth, which makes more sense considering what it eats, but the idea that it's all got to be so grim and it's like and so i i i said on twitter, i said this is like why is it so serious, someone's like, would you rather have weeden quips and of course i don't want weeden quips, i don't want soy banter, but that really is our only option, isn't it? it's weeden or nolen for the end of time for like serious art, uh, it's we either get. self-serious like uh uh ponderous dull colored sepia-toneed nolen or we get zippy quippy uh CGI uh nothingness with awful soy banter those are only options that sucks Michael Bay has been banished to fucking Netflix at least he has some pop I mean that movie six underground is terrible but my god I still thinking about that color palette can't think of the last movie I saw if I'd seen that in the movie theater I might have fucking gone blind um his movies are like the only big budget ones anymore with any color in them, yeah that's a good uh point, it's like we have to be either be super serious or... humorous, like the only kind of humor is like, oh wow, i guess that happened, oh boy, uh, wow, so we're doing this now, i think i forgot this out, it might have been will, uh, but i thought this was a perfect distillation of that whole genre of film is that i might have said this on the stream before, but i'll just want to say it again, is that as quality, as art got leached out of filmmaking by money, as money replaced art, one of the things that had to go is characterization, like it takes it you're not. going to spend money, you're not going to spend time trying to create realized characters, it's hard, it's not something you can throw money at the way you can throw it at effects, and so how do you make a character compelling if they don't have any definition? easy, you just make them the imagined audience, you just make the head character who you in your head imagine is watching the movie, which is a shlubby, self-aware, soy-based uh man animal, and then you have them act like that, so that's why it's all people in disbelieves. oh this is happening now because that's what you would say if you were in that position, because that's the only way to create audience identification with the main characters is if they just see a reflection of themselves, which is of course behind a lot of representation arguments as well, i'm sorry, it's like yeah, there's one thing which is the real radical failure to distribute artistic power along racial lines by the accumulation of capital by white people, and that makes art monochromatic and bad, but there's an element of of like especially the way that uh representation has been like pursued of course by hollywood like they're not going to actually change that, they're not going to change who makes the movies, they're not going to redistribute that uh, it's going to be the same little club of uh of you know of mostly white people who all know each other, they're not going to bring in new people uh where they going to come from uh the they're not in the social circle already, i mean like it's already already a totally self-reproducing thing, directors are now the sons of directors and and the daughters of directors, producers are the daughters and sons of producer. kid, the actors are the fucking the boys uh and Lodge 49, two great show or no, the boys is okay, ludge 49 is great, but both leading actors are somebody's fucking kid, why Russell is Kurt Russell's kid and goldie hawn's kid, and fucking uh, the little turd on boys is uh, is Dennis quade's kid, where are you going to bring in representation that way, what you can do is you can make the art look like people, and then what that ends up doing is there's a way to pander to them, now. they don't have, you don't, oh, I don't actually have to write a character, they only have to represent somebody, and then they get to feel scene and that fills in the emotional space where you used to have to fill it with art, you used to have to fill it with character creation, you used to have to fill it with nuance and and shading that made you care about the person, now they either look like the audience member or they sound like him, and that does all the work for you, over lord, I'm sorry, aren't you? isn't the argument supposed to be that we need to be aware of historical trauma right? we have to be aware of historical racism and the in the impact of historical racism right? am i wrong? like that is a mean a main argument of like about making art representational so that we can tell the stories of America that haven't been told so that we can realize how unfair the current present moment is and how much there has to be redress right? like that is part of the argument right? i'm not wrong about that? that's the case, having a black guy lead a squadron of parroopers in World War II, essentially says, yeah, yeah, no, race wasn't an issue in 1941 or 45 or whatever the fuck it was, you've done violence to history in a way that you have claimed not to want to do, the opposite of what you want to do, you watch overlord, if you're a young person, and remember this has to be assumed, you have to assume always that the point of this is to change people's minds, because that's the only way that it has a political violence, and it's not just an artistic question, is if no, no, they'... see the good representation and some people feel better and it makes other people more politically awake, woke as it were. some person who does got as good in education as the rest of us, which is not very good in history, oh yeah, no, there were world war 2 guys, black guys shooting zombies, cool, and i know it's like, oh, but there were really zombies either, but it's like, yes, but like, it's zombies in a world war 2 context, and the context of world war 2 was a segregated military, i i if racist. an issue an overloard, it's not an issue enough to not have a guy with a unit of white people, which didn't happen, it's what i'm saying, i don't care if they like made a rention of race, there is a fundamental difference between a society like in terms of its advancement along racial lines where like oh there's some friction because the captain's black to the captain not ever being allowed to be black, there's a difference and you are lighting it, and why so the people can so the people can see the character and if they're white. they fill in the gap of recognition with, oh this is a black eye and i can feel i can feel uh uh woke and i can feel uh good about myself for identifying with this black character, you know what, i didn't even notice he was black, and then a black area a black viewer can be like, hey, you know, and they understandably want to see that because it's so rare in in especially genre filmmaking, they're like, hey, there's a guy who has like, and that identification, that fills that space for them, but in both cases it is cynical, and it's unartistic, it's does violence of the art, it is a cynical attempt to skip a step in making a fucking piece of film, making a piece of... of art and everyone's doing that all the time, but it's just such a glaring one, and more importantly, to my mind, one that is pitched to people as virtue, and i say that's gross, i don't like it, uh, someone asked was watergate a coup, i that's another one, i don't i once again, there's lot circumstantial evidence there that uh that the watergate burry was botched botched on purpose on behalf of the CIA and the there's a couple of theories as to why they would do that, there's one in the book called the great heroin cou that claims that it was actually an internesian in intelligence uh uh intelligence agency battle about where uh the CIA would be getting its heroin whether from uh the old French connection from Turkey to uh to Italy to uh Marseille to the US or from the golden triangle uh, but the less sort of lured James Elroy uh theory is that Nixon had over the course of his presidency cut out the entire national security establishment from foreign policy and the war in Vietnam. He ran the state department and the defense department out of his office with Henry Kissinger. uh and that was that's the kind of abbregation of powers the presidents just don't do uh and at the very least it certainly gave plenty of incentive to the CIA to see him uh neutralized uh because there's supposed to be a structure here like we're talking about the most awesome power on earth and it has to be to some degree horizontally uh distributed or else one guy is in charge and that means that the institutional incentives to keep the thing moving Get disrupted, hell yeah, secret honor, great movie, I'm glad someone watched it. why i don't understand also why Travis Scot is called Cactus Jack. I'm sorry but Cactus Jack was uh Mc Foley's Alterigo in the wrestling. It's what the hell has that got to do with him? I have to watch Cloud Atlas again. Someone's asking about Cloud Atlas. I remember being very moved by its by its tender heart and uh and absolute earnestness, but I think structurally it was a little inert. I did love the thing where everyone was cast over the generations with different makeup and stuff, that was so balsy, very few people would have the have the hootsp to do that. Yeah, apparently the Travis Scott meal it's just it's a barb, it's just a bacon, quarter with barbecue sauce. I'm much more excited about the uh ghost chili wings at pappies. Thank you very much. If I'm going to go, if I'm going to indulge in a uh in a in a speeded food, a a rapid, a rapid comestible, it's going to be the ghost chicken. and mcdonald's is also doing spicy nuggs now soon, which of course will be interesting, by the way, i got to give a shout out to somebody, i i don't remember who it is, i'll have to go through my dms, but a while ago i was talking about how i really wanted a uh gojuchan korean pepper paste based dip for nuggets and that most gojuchang you get is a little too thick for that somebody. me and said, this is the stuff, and he gave me a link to this korean squeeze tube product, and I said, that's what you're looking for, and I got it, and it is, holy crap, it's like see. j's i think it's called, it's got like the consistency of ketchup, but like the rich deliciousness of korean uh red pepper paste, i don't i'm a ketchup lover as many know, i'm i love ketchup, i'm staunch ketchup on hot dogs, obviously, but ketchup on fucking uh eggs, yes, ketchup on macaroni and cheese, delightful, but man, i don't know, i might, i might be done with mac, if i can keep this stuff around, the problem is i have to like, i think i have to mail out for it, i don't think it's available locally, but If I could get that at a steady supply, I might get rid of ketchup, but since I can only get it irregularly, apparently, I will uh, I will also have ketchup, stop, stop slamming ketchup, it's still good, ketchup is overrated, that's absurd, that's like saying the beatles are overrated, it doesn't make sense, ketchup is like a a a a a consuming concept on its own, you can take it or leave it, but you can't talk about its ratedness. I don't understand what's supposed to be wrong with ketchup on hot dogs, why ketchup on hamburgers but not hot dogs, you're talking very similar profiles of flavor. I will not get the pobice fries. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, mashed potatoes and gravy every time. Nope, this is not negotiable. Ketchup is for kids. So what, kids like a lot of things that are delicious. Ice cream is for kids. Do you not eat ice cream? Smarty pants? hell, hot dogs, you could, you say ketchups for kids, you know what, hot dogs are for kids, cut them up the little kid, eating them on the come on, get out of here, they're for adults too, damn it, someone just said the most insane thing i've ever seen on on this twitch stream, someone said ketchup is good, but hence ketchup sucks, sir, you have taken leave of your senses, hence is a absolutely perfect complexion given what it's trying to be, It is the ideal ketchup, all of the ketchup is a sad deformation, it is the form, everything else is is a uh shadow on a wall. Last night, I heard somebody in the sink here having a backyard um comedy show, and I was listening to it and you'd hear some amplified setup, clapping, wooing, and then some laughter. and then all of a sudden some guy just started yelling his head off and i'm like, oh snap, there's a heckler, and not just any heckler, amando pissed off one, and it was so funny is the guy's yelling and yelling, and then when he stops, it's just over, as in all sound ceased, i didn't hear, i don't even think they even said, okay, bye, he literally ended the show, so somebody went hard and i respect it. Huns is not also good sir, no, hence is bad. That's all you knew that, that's how you knew that the Republicans were death cult in 2004 when they switched out all the hinds ketchup for hunts at the RNC in New York, they gave themselves worse ketchup to own libs who weren't even there. Death call. Oh, the the Korean saw. i think it's called cjs, like cjs b sauce, i don't know where it's available, i had to i had to mail in, i had to get it from amazon, i think, i couldn't find it anywhere else, might they might have a website, i don't know, tatsik is really good, tiki's underrated, but then again lamb is underrated, i keep talking about food because i keep doing this these streams right before dinner so i just keep getting hungry so let me bumping this something's bumping back here all cart white socks is very good too we're just naming delicious fucking sauces right now and i'm imagining eating them all uh oh man i wish we had ketchup chics in the us ketchup chips and all dressed it's honestly we America is the snack capital of the world right five million we have so many chain restaurants europeans all of them are stun like australia has like three chains they got mcdonald's hungry jacks which is burger king and like probably some kangaroo based uh place they're blown. by how many we have, and yet we have the worst chips in the anglosphere, except for when Lay does the uh, does those like limited edition chips, those are often amazing, to this day there uh, they did a biscuits. and gravy chip that in my mind is still the best chip i've ever had, but it's gone, they did a korean barbecue one that was really good, they did a Euro one, they did garlic fries, oh man they were so good, but they're always limited out time, like the the regular options in america suck, we don't have all dressed, we don't have ketchup, i did not like the chicken fried or chicken fried steak, ask about chicken fried, i like chicken fried, it reminds me though there was a chicken and waffles one. that i thought was going to be good, but it was just all waffle, no chicken. yeah, lays tasiki, oh it was so good, laze, they're so good, oh they did like a uh, they did a brazilian like uh cherscuria steak chip, they just don't, they're not year round, but no, all dressed, yeah, no, we got the worst chips in the anglosphere, i want all dressed, i want ketchup, praw. Give me the prand, apparently though, the one to get according to Bill Oakley and I trust him on all things comestible is that there is a in Spain they have a Homone iberico lace chip that is supposed to take taste like their delicious shakuturi and he says that it's the best chip and if they pull that off, most black p civil war general uh, depending on how what you mean by that, it's got to be uh, sherman, right? buse sherman was there like everybody else during the civil war, one of the tragedies of the civil war and one of the things that made it so bloody is that it was being play-acted by a bunch of napoleonic cause playing fancy lads, guys with big plums in their hair, guys w reenacting shivalic traditions from like medieval England, like pompous plots like uh, like Robert e Lee who thought it was more honorable to do a big napoleonic. charge into fucking uh rifled bore ammunitions uh and uh Jeb Stewart who wanted to count cou with out in the fields uh sherman the spole timees said no this is uh this is a dirty business we're we're trying to win a political contest uh at the least expense to our side and you do that by extinguishing the opponent's will to fight and he famously gave a speech at a some military thing afterwards uh where he said uh the war is hell the famous war is hell speech where he goes uh war as hell this cannot be refined its glories are all moonshine it is cruelty and you cannot refine it and you could say that's like that's a step towards the horror of the coming like industrial slaughter of the 20th century but It's still an advancement over because over the delusion of of that of that generation of uh of antibelum uh military uh pageant players, at least Sherman was like was going to apply that logic to adjust cause, you know, and like that's the real reason that that's a progressive position. is that if you if you really accept war as awful in its own right and and irredeimable then it can only be pursued for virtuous reasons and you actually have to like interrogate what that means meanwhile you got Roberty Lee going it is after Fredriksberg after watching innocent people just getting butchered on a on a rocky out cropping because they're dumb ass must stupidly facial haired incompetent general ordered them to go up a hill and they ebayed their fucking orders get massacred, well he just got to sit there on a horse goes, it is good that wall so terrible or we shall grow too fond of it, yeah you think it's terrible, you think it's terrible, you sick fuck, well Trump is definitely the most black bill president in the same way and that he doesn't subscribe to any of the bullshit about the virtue of the country or the office. You don't think we kill people, you don't think we have killers? I'm dappling a little bit, it's coming through the trees, I'm dappling, most tiresome film director, at this point it's got to be nolen, he's sick of his shit. and depending on how dune goes, I'll definitely put Villen Wave on that list. I liked uh Sicario, but I haven't really enjoyed anything else. I didn't even finish. the blade runner movie, all right, i think guys, i might pop back on, but i got to pop off for a second. I'm back guys, I don't like to go too far lower than an hour, so I'm back, molly was or molly was rival I like too, I like more than some people, but his whole deal I just, it's oppressive without really being uh, illuminating. I had to break for the geiko ad and and the cactus jack mcdonald's that I've seen that like 50 times logging on to Twitch buse yes I do not have an account. I do think that the uh the central metaphor of arrival there with the language like being three-dimensional, I think that's kind of cool. Tipicio Doritos aren't bad. wasn't a huge fan of anniholation, i must admit, didn't really get me, it's fucking nice out, fucking nice out, looking the smoke, i got loud, You can hit my line, I'm trying to smoke i got loud, I hope I don't get DCCIed for the music in the background. RIP by the way to uh, to King Dave, young king Dave, taken too soon, I don't think he would have survived COVID anyway, so but RIP, nonetheless, he was a legend. Oh yeah, I just wanted to say finally about the queue in Germany, uh, it's gonna happen, I think, it's gonna have. more and more and Trump specifically is going to be the face of it because the thing about Trump being this the third party president who stands away from the office and just kind of comments on his own presidency is that he can never be held responsible for anything in the minds of people to them he is always uh as agrieved as they are and it means that the people they hate hate them hate him. like in Germany, I mean Germany, you want to talk about a country where like the political process is basically ground lost all all pretence, how long have they had a unity government now, how long have they had the the two main parties in coalition, how many years has it been? Angela Merkel has been uh in office longer than like a number of dictators that we overthrow, uh, there's no political spaces, and if that happens, you look for a hero outside. the system and Trump is he's the only figure in the world who is both to the size of the system in a way that could make him a credible like foil for it and in any realistic imaginative sense outside of it, and so I think you're going to see more of that, as as coronavirus keeps just squeezing the life out of everybody uh, and the sense of possibility and uh hope of any kind of future, he's going to be the deliverance people seek. I don't know what I'm going to have for dinner now, I was trying to, I was halfway to talk to myself into getting the popies, but I probably won't now, not sure what though, i didn't really change my diet to lose weight, i honestly just stopped drinking as much and eating less, i mean i ate out less, so uh, i ate less calories in general, i mean i just was a very, i i just went from like a wildly unhealthy diet and lifestyle to a slightly less unhealthy one, it's amazing what that does, Oh god, Trump said that we don't need to be in the Middle East, we're just there to protect Israel, that's the one thing you love to see about his whole presidency is just shedding all of the pretends, which is the reason they hate him, telling telling our troops that they're suckers, they're not supposed to know that, because eventually those troops become generals and they have to think they're sacrifice. for something, like John Kelly believes in this country in a way that Trump won't, that's because he is a sucker, he let a sun die in Iraq for no reason, but he's got to convince himself of that, and he's also, he was in a position of very high power, that's true of the high members of the military as well, how do you react to them being disabused, how does your system function when the people in charge of those organs of state are disabused in one way or another of of the of the ideological motivators that have kept them on a track. Trump isn't going to do anything about aliens because they if there is, I don't know if there is aliens, honestly all this stuff that's come out last couple years, it could all be viral marketing for some Mark hoppes production that he put together with a a uh ambitious uh, like junior officer in like the navy to be like, hey, you know, if you can get me some documents or whatever, I don't know, like hey. Reed is also like Harry Reed is also friends with the guy who he got all that money for that Rob Bigolo guy that could that whole operation with Harry Reed Funding that just could be pork barrel shit or money laundering so I have no idea that's another thing agnostic on the aliens but the one thing I do know is that there are aliens and there's proof of them that the US government has they did not tell Trump I doubt they tell most presidents why would they what would be the motivation why would you get that information into the hands of someone legally can declassify anything. did she know that? the president is not bound by any laws against the uh releasing of classified documents. if the president decides to release it, it is declassified legally. you think they're going to give anything of important to anyone that they don't have complete control over or at least trust his uh like basic uh conversational continents to not fucking spill the beans every. five minutes, get out of here, get out of here, f out of here, oh, it's Tom Delong, who's the UFA guy, right, whatever, they're all the same guy in my mind, they're all the same kind of lanky, kind of dowy faced guy with the same voice, don't waste the time, there's inside my head, never like those guys, what's my age again, is okay, i guess, go pack, i didn't even watch, i mean it's not on tv here, not really a fan at this point, but i do like this hat, and it is uh, it's heritage, not hate, yeah, travis Parker was the drummer. Moon landing happened, shut up, the moon landing fucking happened, bothering the fucking. like what were they getting out of it? a propaganda victory? it's not like the it's not like the soviets were that close to landing on the moon themselves. i want to address one thing before i go because it caught my eyes. somebody said, it is strange that people assume that alien life would be more or less empathetic than ours, and i would... say that i think there is, and i think pasadadists talk about this, is that any any alien life form that achieved a civilizational complexity necessary to allow for interdimensional or interstellar travel would by definition be communist? i think that's true, and as we've talked about like there is a moral center to communism that is. is a a decenttered ego and a like a social sense of uh of identity, let alone morality that it stands to reason that they would be more benevolent than us, or else they wouldn't have made it that far. oh man, i smell someone's doing barbecue out here, i'm going to die, oh man, it was corn and now it's barbecue, oh it smells good too, i did not go fassadist, i would never go passadist, that's one element that they talk about, how dare you, all right guys, done for today, bye-bye.