 she's static on my radio and the tears they glow in the dark and i'm there with her inzana and here on echo park come a leader hold me to I think I'm sinking down and I'm all slung out on heroin on the outsides of town. All right, this is good. I got a new spot, this is my spot now. I think this is much better than the bed. I'm back, hi guys, it's... nude year's eve, nude year's rock and eve, depending on how it goes tonight, not sure if I'm going to have a uh stream tomorrow, just letting everyone know uh, going to see some people socially distanced, but everyone's of course going to be every have every incentive to uh just pour paint thinner on their brain because 2020 was an epic fuck waffle of a year, am i right folks? i should get this out of the shot. your product placement unless i'm getting that paper, which i'm not. how is everybody doing? how's everybody feeling about a new year? how's everybody feeling about charging the essentially arbitrary calendar change with meaning as a psychic balm for uh the sense of? uh lack of control and helplessness that we all have, how are we feeling about that? i'm feeling good about it. let's all pretend 2021 is going to be better cuz why not if it's worse, what's the big deal? oh, you were wrong? notice, people are terrified of being wrong, and it's because everyone's opinions are all out there now, so if you were wrong, people can point it out and it undermines your credibility or your virtue, and it makes it, it makes it people, they tack away from their joy, and it's sad, who cares? if you're wrong, cares if 2021 is worse than 2020, which it very well might be, at least hope it could be better for one goddamn night if you have a chance, i'm not on the toilet, how dare you, i would not stream on the toilet i respect, i respect the uh the viewers too much to do that, also that's for only fans, that's special premium only fans content for when i start showing my hairry asshole to the internet, but that's not yet, we'll see. We'll see if it comes to that, for now I'm good. Fuck uh, I do like the Revolutions Podcast, I'm glad it's finally coming back. Poor Mike Duncan, man, I mean I know that he he fell off of the internet for a while there and he was he missed his deadlines, I had no idea what the cause was, it turns out he had kidney stones, my god, miserable and the height of covid, brutal, poor guy, but apparently he's better now, and in January we're going to get more. revolutions, which give me my slap. I'm a slap piggy too, just like everybody, I want my content and I'm very excited. uh, maybe you can, I'd like to talk to him again, we had a really good uh episode a couple years ago, I'd like to talk to him again, so I thought as the framing device for today's show, I would take some take an advice from someone on uh, the subreddit that. is devoted to these streams, which yes i have admitted in the past i look at, how can i not? it would be really weird if i didn't, where they said inspired by the uh flag discourse, if i could rate the state quarters and i thought that was a great idea, because i remember when the state quarters came out, i was a i was a big fan, i i've avidly waited for the next ones uh and maybe think yeah damn we should go through these because i remember just being... very mad at most of them for just being terribly designed, so I thought I'd go back and take a look, so I'm going to go through this year by year, which ones we have, we've got uh, 1999, the first quarter is of course for the first state Delaware, uh, which that's all they really have going for them is that they were the first state to ratify the constitution, and now they're essentially a offshore taxhaven for corporations. insurance companies, way to go, there's no reason that you should exist, they should be annexed by Pennsylvania or somebody and have their state government abolished, have their fucking chancery court burned to the ground. and I mean look what they've unleashed upon the world, fucking the delaware method and Joe Biden are now going to be uh, are going to be practicing their particular brand of transactional politics and boy, it's going to be a nightmare, and it's just caesar Rodney on a horse, because what the fuck else are you going to talk about with delaware, there's nothing to talk about, unless you just wanted a picture of like uh a po box that for some holding company that is technically headquartered in Delaware, but has no offices, that would be the ideal Delaware quarter. Instead they have Caesar Rodney who was the founding father who most famous is most famous for riding day and night uh from the continent continental army encampment to the Philadelphia uh Continental Congress to give a report on the disposition of Washington's. army which helped bolster the spines of the delegates who were wavering about whether or not to vote to declare independence from Great Britain so it's like a key moment and it's very dramatic he shows up he says the army is good we can win this thing and people said yes so Cesar Rodney who had a face he had face cancer face cancer that's brutal hardcore imagine having face cancer in the fucking 1700s, well he got to stay quarter out of it, so guy and a horse, how what can you say, not that good, that's a C, that's that's minimal effort, but delaware, what else do you want them to give you? uh, pennsylvania, they just show the stupid state because they're so proud that shape like a keystone, oh my god, they're so proud, we're the keystone state, our state happens to vaguely resemble a keystone of a building, congratulations, and then they've got a liberty lady holding the stick, once again, and they have... the actual keystone just to remind you of why they call it that uh and also to remind you that the state doesn't even really look that much like a keystone and that the whole dumb thing is pretty forced so once again see terrible yeah everyone's talking about mF doom i he's the guy rapped about food any more mask never listen to it don't know young mc is my favorite rapper people uh new jersey is just a it's just washington crossing the delaware which hey you can't fault them for, it's New Jersey, what are you going to do, have like a body buried in a in the pinebarons or something? uh, it's a it's a classic moment from American history, it's it's busy, but because it's a scene of action, it doesn't feel cluttered, it's pretty good, not bad, uh, Georgia, just the state shape and a peach, I mean it kind of looks like an ass, so that's funny, but other than that uh, pretty uninspiring. Conneticat gets credit because it's got that uh the tree that's it's got the tree the the charter oak and it's got all the big branches and so it's at least got like a uh it's a little symmetrical I like it it's the best of those I would say of the 1999 ones the best is definitely conneticat with the tree uh in 2000 uh Massachusetts was just the stupid state first of all honestly if you have the state shape you're losing who cares State shapes aren't interesting for the most part uh and we know you should know what the states are shaped like anyway uh and it's got a minute man oh they're so proud of their dumb minute man once it's got a gun on it which is kind of cool Maryland has uh just their fucking state dome and it says old line state oh my god wow boring south carolina once again shape of the stupid state and a palmedo and a dumb bird I don't like the collage ones at all uh Newham is actually hilarious because it has the old man on the mountain which shortly after the coin was released uh fell away and doesn't exist anymore so uh that has its own uh special charm and then Virginia uh bunch of uh colonial ships coming into Jamestown I like boats boats are always good on a coin uh none of these are terribly good honestly I guess I go with Virginia just because of the sales but other than that yeah the mountain the... man on the mountain is like was a was a face shaped outcropping on a mountain that fell off fell off a few years ago so I give Virginia that one in 2000 in 2000 2001 New York it's uh just the state shape but instead it's just like Massachusetts state shape and then instead of a minute man it's the statue of liberty uh boring lame uh North Carolina has the... Hawk airplane, which always annoys me because both Ohio and North Carolina claimed to be the state that was first in flight, because the right brothers are from Ohio, and they designed the airplane in Ohio and their bicycle shop. and they took it to the dunes of North Carolina to fly, in my mind, there should be some sort of adjudication on who gets to be the first in flight state, and honestly I think Ohio has a better argument, the bright brothers were sons of Ohio, they were sons of the industrious Midwest, they literally just went to North Carolina because it's there was a big flat area they could fucking fly a plane on uh, so North Carolina, big demerits for stealing valor from Ohio there, uh, Rode Island, they got a sailboat. and a bridge uh reminding you that it's the state of boat shoe wearing rich motherfuckers uh vermont just some literally trees and some asshole getting the maple syrup out of the trees weak uh well you tell me why the hell they did it into the fucking dunes then asshole uh and then Kentucky is just a horse and a horse barn wow these are all these suck these are terrible don't like any of them i guess cuz no as there's a boat on it I'll go with Road Island I'll put I'll go with the boat uh Kentucky or Tennessee in 2002 is just their musical heritage it literally just says musical heritage and then there's a guitar and a fiddle and a trumpet like try to create a a concept try to create some sort of tableau don't just throw things together Ohio also has the kitty has the fucking uh the right brothers plane on it to two states with the same fucking airplane on it, but then they also have an astronaut on there, because a ton of the astronauts, including John Glenn uh, and I believe Neil, Neil Armstrong are from Ohio, and honestly that uh, that is a a spike eh in the face of North Carolina that they don't have, they they don't just have a claim to airplanes, they have a claim to space travel. Louisiana just has, I love Louisiana, it's got uh an outline of the United States and then it has. within it the purchase, which the vast majority of which is not Louisiana, you're you're the what, that's not, that's just the name, man, what the fuck, and then it's got a pelican and another trumpet just like Tennessee has, awful, god, how long do they think of these things, Indiana, the shape of Indiana, which why would you want to fucking brag about Indiana's shape in any way, and then they've got a fucking uh, formula one car because they have the... Indianapolis 500 there, brutal, depressing uh, Mississippi is the clear winner in 2002, it's a big uh, a big bush of magnolias and it's got it's it's it's floral, it's nice, Mississippi definitely wins the 2003, two ones. Okay, Illinoi once again, shape, you're in bad shape there with the shape, but then they also have a barn on one side, and then they have... the willis tower on the other and then a young Abe Lincoln standing where Illinoy is. I love Lincoln as you guys know uh, but I would have gone with just Lincoln's face or something or like with the hat or something. Why you have to do the shape of the stupid state. Alabama has hilariously Helen Keller just sitting in a chair, which if you know that she was a pretty committed communist uh is pretty funny that you got the state of Alabama commemorating a kami. uh, but as a design very uninspired. Maine's got a lighthouse and a boat, which is nice, I like that. Missouri has the stupid uh, uh, gateway arch and lewis and Clark on a little canoo, and Arkansas, bafflingly has a giant diamond and then like a swamp. I guess, are there diamonds in Arkansas, is is it is, is there some sort of mining operation in Arkansas that I'm not aware of? If anyone knows anyone. from Arkansas, do they mind diamonds there? It's a swamp diamonds. Oh, little rock. Is that the rock they were talking about? Well, whatever. Uh, not very good. I got to give this one to Maine, the the the lighthouse is nice, and of course it's got a boat in. 2004, Michigan, just the great lakes, the outline of the mitten and then the great lakes themselves. Once again, those aren't your fucking lakes. Okay, yes, one of them is named after you, but.... they're not your fucking lakes, there's much the lakes of everybody else in that region of the country, don't don't be fucking stealing them. okay, apparently there are diamonds in the ozers okay, interesting. uh, so yeah, fuck you at Michigan trying to take the whole fucking great lakes for yourself, uh, Florida, terrible, uh, palm tree, uh, like clipper ship and then a space shuttle cuz that's where cape canal is, terrible, just put a big orange in there or something, or fucking mickey mouse, they would love to do that uh, texas, what a shock, just the shape of Texas and then the big stupid star. I'm not the only one of the noticed this of course, but doesn't the the star on the Texas flag just look like an asshole? uh someone's asking about if we talked about in the republic for which it stands uh we did talk about it yesterday after this i'm going to talk about it a little more because i want to talk a little bit more about the panic 1873 uh and how it happened it's pretty interesting uh so then we got iowa little red school house foundation and education dorks might as well just say nerds might as well just say this is a state for dorks and nerds point extra state uh and then Wisconsin which I have to say one of the worst there is, it's just a stupid, it's a cow's head and then a wheel of cheese and then an ear of corn and then the state moto forward, embarrassing, embarrassing all around, you got the cheese and the cow, you can't commit to one or the other, they're both dairy related uh, this is a terrible year, all of these are bad, I hesitate to even pick a favorite, uh, I guess I I hate to say it, but I guess I got to go with Texas just because that star if any at least is a you know is a stark symbol as opposed to the cluttered bullshit in the rest of these oh yeah that's right that happened a year after one of the fucking space shuttles blew up in the atmosphere jesus christ florida stays winning california uh you got john mure looking at yosimity lame cluttered why not just use the condor why not just put the california condor on there, they got the little condor in the background, just do the condor, lane, Minnesota, the stupid shape and then a lake, guess what, bitch, wisconsin has more lakes than Minnesota, i don't know if you people are aware of that and i don't know, i told this to a person from minnesota once and they refused to believe me, look at the fuck up, wisconsin has more lakes than minnesota, oregon uh crater lake, nice lake, some trees, serene, not bad, evocative, not cluttered, but hard to be Kansas, just a good old fucking, see Kansas is great because you've got a buffalo, but then you've got a little sunflower, which is the state flower right next to it, so you get an evocation of the state, you get the landscape, or I mean you get like the floor and fauna and it's history, it's it's history, you don't have to have the stum shape, the square shape, um, and then west Virginia is a bridge over the new river gorge, which is nice but a little cluttered. but yeah, nothing's beating Kansas, Kansas definitely number one on that one. uh, 2006, Nevada. Nevada is very busy, but I actually kind of like it. It's a bunch of wild horses stampeeding across a desert with a rising sun in the background, says the silver state on it, it's good. I like, I like Nevada. Uh, and then you got Nebraska, you got Canastoga wagons and chimney rock and and some sun uh... I mean it's basically doing the same thing kind of the Nevada is, but less interestingly and less dynamically, because the the the wagon train looks like statues, it doesn't look like it's in motion as opposed to the horses that look like they're in full gallop. Colorado, you got a hill, you got a big mountain, of course, Saracky's kind of no brainer there, North Dakota also has buffalo like Kansas does, but two buffalo with the sun way more busy, not nearly as good, so not only is it the second. Buffalo quarter, it's the less distinctive, less well-designed buffalo quarter, so North Dakota stays losing, South Dacota, Mount Rushmore, which by the way, has anyone bend to mount Rushmore, I mean I know obviously that it's a horrifying cultural crime, it's like it's essentially we did an end zone dance to celebrate our ethnic cleansing of the black hills by taking a sacred mountain and carving our greatest war criminals onto it, but forget the... politics, if you ever go, it is insanely underwhelming, you you go out onto this promotory, like this big parking lot and there's fucking uh bathrooms and gift shops and there's just a big flat plane and you just look across a little gully and then there is the the outcropping and then you look at it and it's exactly what you think it is, and it's not that big even, doesn't look that imposing, it's lame, it sucks, gust up borgum was a fucking uh clan member uh hack piece of shit. it's one of our least impressive uh pieces of national monument really sucks thumbs down uh of these i will go with nevada for sure with the with the horses uh 2007 montana is bad ass it's got a fucking uh it's got a a steer skull with the horns and then uh some mountains in the background watch Washington's got a jumping fish and a little hill and and the water, Idaho, the bird and then the shape of the state, boring. Wooming has is a great one, it's an out. line of a lady cowgirl bucking on a bronco and it says the equality state uh which of course it's known as because it was the first state to allow women to vote which it did as an enticement to get them to move there because like many western states it had a wild gender imbalance in its early days and then Utah nothing not the beehive I would have thought the beehive would have been a no brainer instead they go with transcontinental rail road and and the spike uh at uh at the cross, what the fuck was that promitory point? promitory point right, something like that, uh, got to go here with, yeah, i'll go with wooming, i like i like the the cowgirl, it tells a story, and then finally the last year 2008, um, we got oklahoma, we got a bird and some flowers, new mexico, points for their great symbol from their wonderful flag, points against because it's laid up against a stupid state background, which when you're a big square state, there's the least reason to put your state shape on there, it's a fucking square, who gives a shit? uh, uh, what is Arizona's? oh, there's Arizona, oh, the grand canyon, of course, that's a no brainer, although honestly, the grand canyon depiction isn't very good, it doesn't really look like a canyon, it looks like a mountain, so they don't, they kind of bungle it. Alaska, big old bear with fucking salmon in his mouth, that's pretty good, I like the bear, and then Hawaii is, I think King, holding out his arm, and then the archipelago, I kind of give Hawaii uh, I give them of any of the states, they're the ones who I I understand putting the shape in there the most cuz it's a bunch of islands, but I got to go with Alaska there with the bear, so that's so if the best ones are Alaska, Wooming, Nevada, Kansas, uh, Texas, Maine, Mississippi, Rode Island, Virginia and Connetic, I think my favorite. honestly i think my favorite is Kansas, i think it's Kansas, i think that's my favorite one, i think in a future one i'm going to do the president quarters which happened shortly after these, they did the all this all the quarters, i don't even know if they got they did them all though because i think they might have stopped, i'm not sure, let me see if they did the whole thing. All right, they were dollar coins. Yeah, they did all of them, they did everybody up to George HW Bush, but they haven't done one since that's the last one they did. Let me just, I'll just look through these and see if any of them are good. Uh, the Nixon one has hilarious. doesn't look like him at all, uh, these are all pretty underwhelming, but you know what are you going to do, it's just a bunch of white guys, uh, the van burren one is nice cuz they get his amazing haircut, yeah, they're all pretty boring. so there we go, those are the state quarters, none of them are very good, it's amazing, those states had a long time to think of them, they often had like contests to decide, and that's all they came up with was mostly very uninspiring collages, which really tells you what you get from group uh artistic decision making, so right, but now let's talk about the panic. of 1873, which led to the longest economic contraction in American history, over 60 months, straight of economic contraction, in part because uh, the liberal orthodoxy of the of the dominant republican party uh, refused to increase the money supply uh and inject cash into the economy, which led to contraction and deflation uh, and helped kill reconstruction, because the election of 1872, which saw uh republican governments take power in many southern states was relatively violence-free compared to many of the other post civil war southern elections uh but then the election of 1878 uh was marked by a convulsion of violence and a uh return to democratic rule in most of them and a lot of it was because the republican project was invalidated in the minds of uh the uh small holding white and poor white population because the fucking election failed or because the the economy had failed. and it didn't have to, it didn't have to, god damn it, but anyway, what caused it to happen uh, was that the so the civil war saw the biggest accumulation of capital in America since the since the uh revolution, uh, which is what happens when you have a big war, that we have talked about that before, about how the napoleonic war is what created the like the capital dynamo that that burst uh English industrial dominance and that a similar thing happened in the United States, but after the war there had to be something to uh take the place of of that spending of that of that investment that used to go into procuring and producing uh material for the war, and that was the building of railroads both through the the reconstructed south and into the west. and it was accomplished by the government subsidizing private corporations to essentially just take land along the route uh and giving it to them uh and that those the the economic engine of the economy, the the the paper that underwrote the economy because we weren't yet on the gold standard yet, it it's it still took time uh, is uh was railroad bonds uh were were bonds at railroad sold uh in order to finance construction and expansion and purchasing of other railroads because there was a drive towards monopolization in every level of the railroad economy, but the thing about it was is that the more bonds you sold, the more interest you had to pay on the bonds and that necessitated if you didn't have a profit, if you didn't have like a profit engine undergirding the business, which many most of these railroads didn't, they were did not make money anymore than silicon valley makes money now, uh, and that meant that they had to sell more bonds, more new bonds, and the the new bond money from people purchasing bonds today paid for the interest in the old bonds that other people had purchased, and there was a... economic, a sharp uh stock market collapse in Europe, first in Vienna and then shock waving out throughout the rest of Europe, then hitting the United Kingdom, which is where most foreign capital was coming into the United States, and that led to a reduction in demand for American railroad bonds, and once there was nobody there to buy the new bonds, there was nobody there, there was no money to pay for the interest on the old bonds, and all of these railroads just went into receivership almost overnight and that engine that was keeping the economy going was keeping demand for steel and lumber uh and was providing speculative opportunities for wall street uh went away and you read that and you think my god how could anybody let that happen it's a ponzi scheme it's a mother someone says does that count as a consy scheme essentially and the thing about it is that's everything now, that is, that's the essence of finance is that it's all paying new money, it's all using new money to pay for old debts, that was the essence of the um uh, that was the essence of the uh real estate collapse in 2008 too, money, there was there was a there was a reduction in the flow of new money to pay. uh for uh all the bets that have been placed on these mortgages and as soon as that happens the whole thing shutters to a halt, it's inevitable boom and bust, it's it can't be done away with with it with uh with capitalism, it's an intrinsic part of it, and the funny thing about people who love the gold standard, not 70 by se in the in the panic of 73 there was no gold standard, not yet. Right, but there was a huge collapse in uh 1892, I believe, which was during the gold standard, and then of course the great depression happened under the gold standard too. uh, it is amazing, gold, gold buggery is one of the least defensable, one of the least like coherent, intellectually uh compelling uh fetishes you can have, it is pure and very blatant ideology, and it's kind of astounding that there are still people who fixate upon it, and i think it boils down to the fact that as much as like to make fun of socialists for saying oh we haven't really had socialism nothing's been tried uh that every single time at capitalism causes mass imiseration there has to be an explanation and it always boils down to well you're not doing capitalism right and as i've said the same forces that push for the gold standard are the same ones that coordinated the move over to a federal reserve system and the end of gold convertibility. and then the end of the gold standards in general, it was, it was not the government doing that, it was not some sort of big government colossis that is anyway inextricably linked to finance capital, this finance capital, it was to their advantage at every point, and the gold standard now is just a thing, a a a fantasy alternative, and honestly you know the the bimetalism of the populists was a similar thing, but that's because "they weren't able to imagine a economic uh reality outside of capitalism, and so what if we put some silver in there and increase the money supply, became sort of the signal reform, but it was generate, it was motivated more just by wanting there to be an alternative, wanting there to be something other than what was not working, when the fact is that what had to go, what had to get rid of it was the end of that system." I chant and I sing of Brian Brian Brian candidate for president who sketched a Silver Za, I read that Valchel Lindsay poem about the Brian campaign like fuck eight months ago now and when I was doing these on Instagram, I don't know if anybody remembers that, I mean yes there was there was a nationalization as part of it, but you know... limited nationalization is still capitalism, i mean like the french model is more socialistic than ours, but it's still, it is still mixed economy, it's just the degree of mix, but no, the the silver, the silver bugs were definitely better than the gold bugs, i mean the gold buggery at that time was pure and has always been pure reaction uh, whereas there is like a progressive motivation at the heart of the silver movement. uh, was William Jennings Brian the silver, the Gilded age Bernie, I mean the closest thing, yeah, definitely, and he was a guy who like Bernie started out as a third party guy, he was nominated by the populist party for president, and it was a deal where the democrat, shit, ah, fuck, it was where the democrats so as not to be outflanked, nominated him too, which uh, is also what happened in 1872 with Horis'. who was nominated by the third party liberal republicans and then the democrats nominated him too, just because he was an alternative to republicanism basically, and the democrats at that point in the north, which is where they were you know electorally coherent, uh, had no real raise on dettra besides, you know, opposing, um, opposing reconstruction on behalf of their southern constituents, which greely by that point, wanted to do away with, the liberal republicans in general wanted to sell out the freedman completely and move on. it is funny to imagine horse greely getting elected and they're dying right away. i am not sitting on a toilet, good lord. who are these people with uh with who's bath? room has a window directly behind the shitter, you people are freaks, modern vampires, somebody is asking about, i've never heard of this movie, the all i saw is they said squibs, you have my interest, now you have my attention. But this. when you read the uh the history of the railroad specifically in the way that that they were wildly subsidized to no good end, like there there was at no, there is no rational justification for the way that the US went about funding railroad construction after the civil war. the only thing, the only way any of it makes sense is bribery was fraud, but the ones doing the bribing and the fraud fraud. were largely the same people who were condemning Tamani and uh and graft essentially because some of that money went to the the you know jobs for the teaming Irish masses in the cities and not to the not to the you know uh uh well-ordered protestant homes of stock speculators and that's why any alternative reconstruction would have required a a force, would have required a coherent, organized political, a self-interested political coalition whose interest was not could not be bought off, essentially, because that's the problem with the working class uh in the United States at that point is that due to the fact that it was largely ethnically and religiously segregated. and the fact that it was stuck into ghettos and cities like Boston and Philadelphia and New York is that they could be and were handled on a client basis, and that prevented them from doing any real like class-based organizing, that came later, but uh, by that point, you know, capital accumulation had become so successful and so so leviathanic that their ability to fight it was much uh much worse uh somebody is asking about grant's Grant's third term, he did try to run for a third term uh and I like the way that Richard White puts it in the book where he says that uh Grant was sort of reluctant to run for president because he didn't feel like he was prepared for it, but then he needed he felt he needed to run for a third term because he wasn't prepared to do anything else. but it's hard to imagine if you gotten that third term anything would have been better, I mean the uh compromise of 1877 which formally ended reconstruction was of course a deathnell for progress in this country, but by that point it's hard to imagine it uh anything else going, the politic, anything else happening uh even if you hadn't had that occur because the the political will in the north for any further expenditure of men or money to uh maintain. black rights in the south was completely exhausted and like the thing that changes that hypothetically if we're talking about wishcasting is not anything that happens that late in the game, it's things that happen very very early after the war, things that allow uh black economic and political power to be uh organized, harnessed and asserted. and uh in the immediate aftermath of the war, which would have created a momentum of its own and changed political calculations, made for example, the black boat in the south something that was uncontestable, something they couldn't be neutralized by terror and by uh manipulation by former confederates, because there would have been enough at the early stages federal support and federal protection for freeman and freeed women to allow for the building of economic and political, institutional power, and again, I don't know if that's possible in this country, in with the with the material we had, but it couldn't, it certainly was not going to happen with Andrew Johnson as president, and as much as Lincoln was a man of his time, he was also a man uh who, unlike Johnson change his fucking mind, and his views on things like the ability of... blacks and whites to uh live side by side had radically changed from the way they were at the beginning of the war and there were enough northerners who had been changed by the experience of fighting the war who in the very after in that moment in that moment of triumph could have made different decisions collectively that could have had a cumulative effect uh anyway it's certainly fun to think about it's certainly more fun to think about than the... future of the actual world we live in, which might explain why I'm so drawn to it. Grant was kind of a himbo, he was not as dumb as he's remembered historically, he was, I mean, he was militarily very adept and he was and he had a uh aptitude for for military grand strategy that was superior to most of his opponents, certainly more than Lee, Lee of course, wildly overrated, Lee was a was a pretty good tactition, uh, but part of that was the fact that he was mostly fighting against overmatched political hack. for a large part of the war uh and you know buffoons like Mclellen, I mean my god, how are you going to fucking take credit for beating George Mclowlin, the guy basically didn't want the union to win for Christ's sake, how the hell are you going to take credit for that? I mean, like there's a whole theory that the uh that the How brothers, the were the naval and uh and army commanders of the of the British uh colonial military during uh the American revolution uh and who are both freemasons and and wigs uh were basically kind of rooting for the colonists and weren't trying that hard, which kind of explains how the uh they the uh colonialists were able to avoid destruction so many times, most notably uh after the battle of uh Brooklyn when uh How had a chance to absolutely wipe out Washington's army and took so goddamn long to cross over from Stanton Island to Manhattan that it gave Washington ch a time to escape uh to the mainland. There's a similar thing with McLallan. I mean, not only was he a democrat who hated Lincon, uh, posted emancipation uh, but after he got dismart discharged, he ran against Lincon in 1864 on a peace platform, on a let the south succeed platform. How the hell you going to give Lee that much credit for beating him, especially since he didn't even beat him that many times. He fucking lost tactically almost every one of the... seven days battles and then mclellen would just retreat because he was he obviously believed he was outnumbered and then of course uh he couldn't even he he was battled to a draw at antidom anyway he was okay tactically but he was a strategic ninkem poop he invaded the north twice who lo could look at the disposition of forces of the confederacy versus the union and the south versus the north and say we should be invading the north, that's madness, you are, you are, you are outnumbered, you are vastly less resources, vastly fewer, vastly smaller population, you fight attribution, you make, you fight until they can't fight anymore, you do not spend men and material what, trying to take washington DC, you fucking dumb ass. It's funny, Engel's new from the fucking the day the war started, no, you win the war by going through, going from the west and cutting through Georgia, you who gives a shit about Richmond, why are you take, Richmond is just the capital, it's just a bunch of fucking buildings, it's it's it's some buildings and some boxes of files, you can put them on a horse and ride them away. so so Grant was definitely a better strategic thinker than Lee was, but he was not a great political thinker, I mean most of these generals weren't, like if they were they would have been fucking politicians, you know, and of those like of those generals to take the reigns, none of them really are political minds, Washington wasn't a political mind. um, Grant wasn't a political mind, uh, eisenhower was not. The difference between three of those is that Washington essentially had, he was there to lend his credibility to the enterprise and to asswage all of the weiry colonies, former colonies that nobody was gonna be over-awed by this federal government because everyone trusted General Washington, because he had had the chance to be king and turned it down, he was the Cincinatis. and um Isenhower was able to preside over what was essentially a bipartisan political economic consensus as like deeply entrenched in its way as neoliberalism is now uh but as I said yesterday Grant was was was coming onto a scene of of absolute uh protein uh liquidity and he was not really the man for it. I mean, I don't necessarily think that you need like a Lincoln Third term or anything if he doesn't get assassinated, hey, maybe he gets assassinated somewhere in the second term, but then... you need an actual politician, an actual radical republican to be president, and more importantly than because of their individual um, you know, values or anything, what they represent of a coalition, like the interest, buse grant was not, indebded in any way to the radical republicans, he was standing sort of on top this ricky collection of of republicans of the liberal and stalwart, radical and conservative types, he did not really... represent any one faction as you would have needed somebody who actually did represent the radicals and not just the radicals represented the economic radicals among because there were plenty of radical republicans who were fully down with lasai fair but yeah Benjamin Wade Benjamin Wade would have been better so another another what if that we dodged was what if they'd fucking one vote away from impeaching one vote away from impeaching fucking uh Johnson and then you get radical fucking Republican Benjamin Waydes president uh but sadly for him a lot of people knew that and didn't want him to be president and were betting on Grant so they that was one of the reasons that he they couldn't get Johnson out but yeah you need you need to not have Johnson in there at all just throwing it literally just throwing a fucking spanner in the... works, who is the best confeder confeder, confederate general? I mean, stonewall Jackson was really good, there's no, he was a fucking psycho and an asshole, but he was, he knew what he was doing, and then more, more even than his like tactical brilliance was the fact that he could uh, he was able to master the the um, rapid deployment of infantry, which was very difficult during that period, uh, you, they called him foot calvely. because of how fast jack Jackson could get his guys around and that was a huge I mean that's essentially that was not that was a large percentage of Napoleon's innovation was his ability to take the uh increased mobility of uh a of a republican military force that had a spreed a core that came from a shared mission as opposed to the collection of mercenaries and and conscripts that made up uh European uh old royal militaries and use that to make them move much much faster, so and that allowed him much more maneuverability relative to his opponents, and Jackson had that same thing, uh, I like think, I like talking about the worst confederates more though, uh, John Bell Hood might have been the very worst of all of them, just in terms of how disastrously, I mean he's more responsible for the burning of Atlanta and the destruction that Sherman rought than almost anybody, because he destroyed his army. people talk about the idiocy of pickets charge, which was of course idiotic and and another of and many pieces of evidence that Lee was a fucking overrated hack, but at least picketch charge was preceded by a huge hours long uh artillery bombardment that was theoretically supposed to destroy uh the center of the union force and allow them to just kind of march through it, it didn't work, they they were firing over the heads most of the time, but fucking porter alexander. but it at least had an idea, at at uh at Franklin Johnhood sent his army against the fixed and uh the fixed position of uh Thomas with no ar hillary from bombard whatsoever, just sent him into the fucking thresher and destroyed his whole army in the process, killed like 13 generals i believe, so as you can imagine he's one of my favorite confederate generals and I do think it's funny that two of our big military bases that are named after. federate generals that we're supposed to be mad about and it is fucked up that they are the that that's what we did name them but our hood and brag and those are two of the biggest fuckups in the whole goddamn confederate army, i'll tell you the one i hate hearing to hearing about it all is fucking Patrick Clayburn, people can shove that mic up their fucking ass, shut the fuck up about that fucking shanty irish asshole cuuse he is every every soft can favorite confederate general because he said, hey, let's emancipate the slaves and have them fight for us. why would they do that? i don't know, i'm sitting over here eating a potato like an apple, don't fucking ask me. and of course all the other confederates told him he was an idiot and told him to shut the fuck up because it was a dumb idea, and it it was unconnected to everything, and he got merked at fucking uh uh at franklin and good ridens to him. Jeb Stewart uh another uh dandy shithead oh he he did he had some very impressive cavalry theatrics because of course the the horse fucking uh uh gentry love their horses, but he was mia for the first two days of gettiesburg when Lee needed him most which helped lead him into a blindly blundering in to meeds forces, and then he got his ass killed at yellow taver, good riddens to bad rubbish. I do go back and forth about Mead and whether or not he should have attacked Lee after Gettiesberg, I mean I totally get that they were really malled, but fuck, Lee was even more malled, and when you think of how long it took to drive him down after that and how many, how many dead there were, it's hard to imagine if going... much worse. William Mahone is an interesting character because he was a confederate general and well regarded one, like James Long Street became a republican after the war, a scalaw as they called them, but even more so, in the 1890s headed a uh multiracial populist political organization in Virginia that opposed the Burban Reactionary democrats and and when you think about guys like that, and they were not, they're not. few of them, there were not, there were not a few ex-confederates who who ended up after the war uh supporting the reconstruction governments and becoming republicans, i mean my god, albert parsons, one of the uh, one of the haymarket marters was a confederate veteran, uh, when you consider how many of them there were in the context of the you know shitty and uh economically exploitative reconstruction we got, imagine how many we could have had, imagine how many... more there would have been in a context where the reconstruction of the south was economically uh revitalizing instead of exploitated where everybody who was not a slave owner and a plantation owner got land and got a chance to prosperous small holders the way that you were supposed to do in the north. there were there was plenty of uh there was a lot of potential, there was ferment, things didn't have to go the way they did, i really believe that. they definitely should have hung uh Jeff Davis, there's no question about that. I mean, they should have hung, I mean, you don't want to get too blood-thiarsty, but they should have hung most of the confederate leadership, the cabinet for sure, they obviously should have banned anybody who served in the government from ever voting again, I mean that's a no-brainer, and on obviously, obviously, obviously anybody who owned and anybody owned plantation should have had to taken from them. Sherman was a good strategic mind, but he wasn't very good tactically, he he would get, he would get in his head about the opponent uh, and and he would kind of second guess himself in double clutch, he does, like his his battles uh dirt, his his battles during the march to the sea and the and to Atlanta and then the sea aren't terribly uh, impressive, like I said, uh, a lot of it was facilitated by the fact that the the armies of the west were getting malled by the army of the Cumberland and and Franklin and Nashville. Difference between strategies and taxics is, so like the anaconda plan that Winfield Scott devised at the beginning of the war to defeat the south, maybel blocade splitted in half, that's a strategy, tactics are... uh like at chancellorsville for example when faced with superior numbers of um that was pope right yeah pope's army he split his forces and had uh uh stone wall jackson like do a surprise flank attack that's a tactic. but yeah, sherman didn't do great, like b, like kennislaw mountain and stuff, he he was, he was prone to sort of wasting troops and direct frontal assaults, "if i wasn't a podcast by dream career be, i thought about that, and i think i'd like to direct a movie, which is pathetic because the art" form is dying as all art forms are now, anything that requires capital is uh is going down the tubes, but i would like to direct a movie, and i think i'd be a good teacher too, if i i mean you want to talk about more realistically, i could probably get a certificate or something, i don't i mean probably yeah, get like a teaching, be a cool sub, i could do that, well. podcasting as an art form, what makes it so is it's low capital investment, homeless alcoholic? I mean, possibly, I wouldn't last long, I don't think, I got a limp, I would be easy meet. There might be a pot if if if Spotify eats the world the way they're trying to and podcasting there might end up being like a podcaster's guild or like a union which of course would be the that's the trajectory of all artisanal forms of uh labor being being turned being being proletarian. Yeah, my my dream project would be to right and direct something about the moth man, moth man and MK Ultra. someone is saying that having citizenship based to property ownership is uh is doomed uh and dooms liberty correct uh and that's one of those things that would have had to have been destroyed by the the by the contradictions of the of the post civil war era being heightened and sharpened faster like the... would you would not have had, i i i really think that like a successful reconstruction would not in any sense be peaceful, it would in fact be, it would be a more explicit war, it would it would be a more, it would be another stage of violence because it was a stage of violence, it's just the violence was mostly carried out against former slaves and so therefore was able to be absorbed by the political uh consensus pretty easily because these were people who were not really considered citizens by most people even if they might have technically acquired citizenship by the post-war constitutional amendments, you would have, you would have seen violence, it just would have been uh, it would have in fact been more widespread, it would have, but it would have involved violence againstrint former slave owners and and the people that they could whip up into militarily supporting them, and it would have hopefully ended with the destruction. of the constitutional order, which is why I don't think Lincoln would have done it, because Lincoln loved the constitution, and I think he would have not have been the one to preside over its destruction, but somebody would have, because if the contradictions have been brought to the four, if if black citizenship and and personhood was more firmly established as something that a e, even if it's a thin majority, a majority of northern whites uh supported, the constitution would have been shown to be unviable, and the property-based conception of freedom would have been unviable and it would have had to be replaced by something else. not not socialism, there would have not been any forces for that, but something that had more uh flexibility to it and something that allowed for a force beyond mere bribary to determine uh the shape of political economy, which is what the we ended up getting, the civil war created a new class of finance capitalists who were sitting on uh government bonds and then railroad bonds, and those men bought the government as surely as the oligarchs bought the post Soviet government, and the only thing that would have stopped that from happening is a a coalition of political will that would have been asserting common rights. Not property rights. oh someone's asking about us uh the try hard christmas episode thank you for liking that i know a lot of people don't like those because very inside baseball and it's all references, but if we only do like one a year, I don't feel like that's too much to ask, to be indulgent once in a while to have a little fun, you know, a little reward for the people who have uh, who've spent too much time listening to us over the year, you know uh, but we it was me, Chris and and uh Will, we we sat down and we we punched out a script, and then uh, we basically allowed Felix once we were. it to just rif so he he wrote most of his own lines as we was as he was reading them because he is the rif master unparalleled whereas i mostly stuck to the script because when i'm doing a character or a voice it's hard for me to improvise too much. Well class consciousness is an idea, some of that says class consciousness is an idealism, idealism is the idea, is the idea that ideas are what changed things, people have, but everyone is operating off of ideas every day, it's just that those ideas are shaped by their material reality, people with people who are exploit, people who are working class, they are, they are, whether they are aware of it or not, subject to capitalism, subject to capital exploitation, are immiserated by it in some way or another, but they might not be aware of it, coming into awareness of that will change their actions, but you don't get a permanent change of conditions until... people coordinate their activities relative to their role in the productive mechanism by for example withdrawing their labor collectively and then by doing that you establish new structures and new relationships and a new mode of production and then that generates new ideas. "the thing is is that you can't separate them completely, you can't separate structure, super base superstructure are not separate concepts, like i said, it's like muscle and bone, if you take the bone out, the muscle will just turn into a pile, but if you take out take pull the muscle away, you just have a skeleton, it can't dance, it can't do anything, they are fully inextrictably linked, and uh, that's why like trying to label things, fixating on whether or not something is idealist or or or materialist, that gets, the only reason that that happens I think is because people are mostly just arguing, people are mostly just trying to argue about things and so they need labels to pick the good things from the bad things, they're not applying ideas to their lives, and so anything they do in that world, no matter how materialist they insist it is will end up just being idealist talking points, and and and uh and hypothetic. uh uh gabbing like when you say like marx is hagel on his head the the head and the they're still real you know but if you turn something upside down it doesn't mean that the side that was up is no longer doesn't exist anymore, it's just it's a different level of uh, it's a different point of uh, it's just at a different point relative to to the other ideas, like it's all, it's all part of the same thing, non-dualism, like we're just talking about like identifying strands to analyze, but if it's just an analysis, it doesn't mean anything anyway. It has to be action, it has to be uh, it has to filter into your life, and the decisions you make with other people. Do you think that py, this will be the last question, do you think that psychedelics will ever have a formal position in society? I hope so, honestly uh, I don't want to you, be a fucking uh, 60's dip shit or Timothy Leery or anything, but in my experience, psychodelics are more uh, can be, anyway, a more effective uh, therapeutic mechanism. than most of our uh regime of uh of formal uh like pharmaceuticals which are which mostly exist as like instrumentally to make people functional within a dysfunctional society, like a a functional society, drugs of all kinds would be assessed for their... for their use not as to make somebody like productive, but to make somebody actually heal, but certainly not our society, like if we do, if there is some and i think there probably will be a move towards decriminalizing psychedelics, but that's if but that will end up just being the same thing that we've seen with marijuana, which is another form of indulgence, another another form of escape. another way to keep people from uh feeling too much their alienation, but not allowing them away outside of it. but yeah, i would i would i would imagine something where you have like psychedelic in a in a therapy framework where they are taking taken. like in conjunction with a uh like a coaching system or shamonically, but not just for you know uh silicon valliasos which could afford to go to Chile for a Iowaska experience for anybody who needed it. All right guys, guys, I hope everyone has a good new year's Eve, if you can, I know everyone's in covid hell, but if you can have fun try to uh, and yeah, you know what, 211, 2021 will probably be a vail of tears, but you don't know yet, have fun if you can, bye-bye.