 silver rab you would. Oh man, did you guys see all those chips on my face, that's embarrassing, oh well, that's finishing some chips, now I got to get the chips out, I got to have a basic standard of hygiene here or else, I'm going to start spiraling, can't have that, got to maintain internal discipline. uh, they are the classic ridged sour cream and onion chips, got to like that, that's one of the most classic combinations you can have, yes, virgil's back, virgil's back on the show, so no more. asking me about it ever again, how does that sound? good deal, i think, oh crab chips are good too, but they didn't have any, my bowdangle does not have crab chips, i don't live in balmrs. uh someone asked about the Portuguese carnation revolution which is very fascinating uh story because it's i think to my knowledge anyway it is the only successful left-wing military coo um certainly in Europe um unless of course you count the bulshevic revolution talking to you, Robert Service, so that's an interesting thing, because uh, so it was in the 70s, it was uh, the tail end of the era known as the estado novo, which is the corporatist authoritarian government that had seized power in Portugal before World War II, it was a rare military dictatorship, that was headed not by... a member of the military, but by a damn nerd, by a college professor, professor salazar, uh, and professor salazar ruled over this, this harmonious, sleepy uh, coastal country with a steady, firm hand, later he was joined by Francisco franco who sort of ran a similar deal in Spain over that exact same time, same time period, now uh, when Franko died in Spain, what happened was is his chosen successor, Juan Carlos uh, the the uh, air to the throne that had been vacated when uh, the monarchy had been overthrown before the popular in in the 30s, before the civil war, uh, but he didn't want to do, he didn't want to keep doing fascism, he said it sucked, uh, and he was helped by the fact that Edda had blown up. the bosk separatists had blown up uh the the general who was supposed to be guiding hand after franco died they set off a giant bomb under his car and the car went over the top of a church they called him Spain's first astronaut uh but anyway the upshot is is that Juan Carlos didn't want to do any more authoritarianism and so he started a transition to democracy uh and at one point in the early 80s there was an attempted coup by the military to bring back um the dictatorship uh and they seized parliament and read a pronon pronunciamento about how and did it all in the name of the king of course uh and he went on the radio and denounced. them and the whole thing fall apart, but anyway in Spain, uh or in Portugal uh salazar like Francko died after a long illness, but hilariously with salazar, he went into a coma after a stroke, they assumed he was dead and just moved on with the continuity of government, and then um when you know it, salazar came back to consciousness uh and they kind of pretended that he was in charge until he died while not actually letting him control anything. but they actually because of that, because they had the that little interegnum to make sure uh the estadonov was attempted to keep going after uh the death of salazar uh, but their big problem was they were, unlike Spain emmed in some very long, bloody and expensive colonial wars in the Portugal's colonies, uh, they had Portugal had had a significant Empire before um before World War II kept it after the war because they were non-belligerate uh and gave it up piece meal as they could as they were forced to basically uh in 1961 they actually uh they lost their little weird nugget of east of western India when uh when India just invaded and essentially dared them to do anything about it and they really couldn't so they just kind of complained about it but they went away but were fighting these colonial wars in uh Angola and Mozambique in in southern Africa east and west coast uh and it was going poorly like all those Bush wars went in the 60s and 70s uh and usually what happened is that the mother country decided this isn't cost effective anymore and just gave up the French and Indonesia and Algeria the Brits in Kenya and Malaysia uh and that was the model but they were holding on tight because they didn't they had they had not trans to democracy, they still were this military dictatorship that therefore didn't have the kind of uh popular vulnerability to to changes in you know the the mood of the people that uh one of those other governments does, i mean obviously that's not the final saying what governments choose to do, but public opinion is a real thing because you can only massage the you you can attenuate democracy to the extent that you can maintain a facade of its uh of its existence, so if everybody is against war and your democracy, you got a problem that you have to rectify it some way uh, less of a problem in in a dictatorship, so they kept fighting into the 70s uh, and eventually a bunch of mid-level officers decided that this was bullshit, they've been reading some marxist theory and they got in their head that they were going to uh decapitate the state, and uh they did it, they they they coordinated uh strategic takeovers of all the main uh power and media headquarters and all that stuff went on the radio and said we're in charge now uh and that was basically it was almost bloodless and one of the first things they did then is cut loose the colonies almost immediately um but the reason that i have been mentioning it lately and that uh uh but anyway no i want to so they were like it was a kill kind of like cuba in that it was a left wing off a military movement this from within the mil this was a military uh uh movement from within the military as opposed to in a in a rebel military the way Castro was, but it was so inside the military this like junior officers core of radicalized uh uh uh leftists came together, but they were varied in their ideology, some of them were hardcore communists and others of them were more social democrats or whatever uh and so when they took power there was an immediate crisis of like what kind of government were they going to impose and eventually as you kind of assume was going to happen in the... text of where they were and when and like their vulnerability to other countries and shit and like the world markets uh and Portugal's economy in general being relatively uh poor uh they they they they hewed away from any kind of state takeover and and and manage to move towards democracy uh and you know there are some leaders there were some leaders of the movement who years later said they regretted never even doing it because it was a waste of time and it just uh uh give people uh fantasies that the regime held uh legitimacy that it didn't, but the reason I've been mentioning it is because I mean if you imagine a near future where America's uh critical infrastructure is put under unsustainable strain and democratic norms and nicities are suspended in some way to some degree in some portion of the United States. then the only people really realistically in a position to organize any kind of uh working class lead um military movement like that would be necessary because politics has been replaced by force, the the facade of politics has been revealed, has been dropped revealing just the armature of force, which means you need to have force, you need to have actual force uh, and the only people are going to be in position to do that, uh, on the left would be people in the military, because they in terms of having uh training, access to weapons, uh, Yeah, at literal physical proximity to power structures, there's nobody close, certainly nobody in the political class and it's not like there's enough of a robust labor movement to to uh stand up militarily behind, but the problem there of course is that the service academies where all of the big all of the officers come from are these absolute fat-headed. uh mediocrities, these these fucking cows who just got selected by what the system is designed to select, the most mediocre yes man who will just do his part to maintain this ridiculous edifice, this world bestriding military colasses that just exists to provide this perverse caisian pump on the economy without giving anybody anything they could use, like housing. or healthcare uh, like that's all it is, it's just a giant make work program, it doesn't matter if they can win a war, the wars aren't to be one anymore, wars are just to have, wars are to keep on the back burner to slow and slow, like you're cooking briscot, so in that case you don't need a what do you need, you don't need napoleon, you don't need, you don't need fucking a Ulyssees S Grant, you don't need some humble son of the soil who fights his way across the... country rising with the ranks and showing his uh his absolute mastery of the moment until he's talents are revealed, why? you're not trying to take richmond, you're just trying to get the bills paid, you're just trying to get bectel and fucking rathion, they're fucking uh vig to get the money from the saudis, keep the whole petro dollar blood wheel turning, it doesn't matter if you're good at it, because nobody's paying attention. so that means those guys are not going to really be in any position to even on their own behalf fuck class solidarity sees power that's where the hope is maybe junior it's always junior officers like the the the military cows that you saw in like uh Egypt and Libya uh and and uh Portugal the free office or free officers movements of young of young junior officers like colnels and stuff. I always respected Gaddafi, he sees power when he was a cornel and he was 29, amazing, and then he ruled for over 30 years and he never gave himself a promotion, buse he remembered where he came from, so the hope is there's maybe some people who didn't go to west point, let's hope. Yeah, our military, I mean like the the, I think the the enlisted people uh are generally pretty good, they're left to the left of uh, I mean, they're way to the left of like cops for example, uh, they're actually relatively diverse as a group of people, uh, they gave more money to Bernie Sanders than any other candidate and uh in donations in 2020, it's not monolithic, I mean there's obviously psychotic death culture within it because it's a... death cult, but there's also a huge civilian, more civilian facing infrastructure of it of people who do not seek out horror, but because it really is one of the very few significant, sustainable, nationalized jobs programs that provide any kind of economic uh mobility for people below like middle class, like in this country if you're any if you're if you're working core, there's basically no ch you're you will have generational transition out of that state uh, even the middle class, like that's the hyper drive, and it almost never happens, and one of the few things that can provide any of that is the military, because they hire everywhere, regardless of whether or not the mill closed, so there is, i mean the bolsheviks were the spine of the bolshevic revolution was uh deserted soldiers, but you now everyone's so split up that even in a crisis everyone's probably going to do what's easiest which is to follow orders, so the question is who can plausibly be in a position to give those orders? and I honestly don't think it's going to be some sort of blood and soil thing, I think it would be more like a a a military command economy like Egypt or Pakistan, like you go to the PX to get your groceries every week, you know, like there's mandatory service and shit, and uh, like you got to do corre. pay labor you know like build ditches or something for COVID bodies, but then they also like run the economy and like like actually uh own capital, which is true of the militaries in Egypt and Pakistan, they're actually huge uh investors in like industrial capacity and real estate uh and and whole industries, i think there's a like a flower monopoly, i think by the Egyptian military or the pakistani. so that that and then that would be distributed sort of uh through the veins of its actual military members and then down through their families and stuff and then like create an economy based around that like a like uh like camp followers during a war uh obviously i mean i've been very critical of china i don't think it's i think it's a burjoy dictatorship just like you United States is, hashtag real talk, but uh, I'm not a psychotic ch and a hater. I realize that in the long run, China and the United States will have to merge at the political and economic level, like the like one currency type shit, like that's going to happen, it's just going to question of what the terms are going to be, so it's i have no problem uh, so yeah, I got to go with China over uh, over India on that one, although they're probably fighting over like somebody who... had like a coffee mug ring stain on a map and now they both think one thing is theirs that happens all the time the chinese they actually had a war in the 60s they went to war China and India for a brief period uh I don't think it's gonna escalate it's not really in anyone's interest uh critical support for the NBA MLB players. the the owners are disgusting cast of vampires, these dis human pigs who just are so so bessadted with their own sense of entitlement that they've decided that they'd rather not play baseball than play it on terms that aren't their total mastery and domination of of the talents of people who are far better than them in every respect, people who actually contribute to this to the game people want to see as opposed to sitting tick like... on top of it, sucking fucking blood from it, we have a move, we the society has evolved beyond the need for MLB owners and they need to get the fuck out of the game, nationalizing sports is uh, that's a no brighter, and it's not like it'd be difficult, all you got to, you would have to, you would probably have to do like a salary cap, but remember this is not so that the other half goes to uh, that's that's not a salary cap because it's not going into the pockets of the owners, you can think of it as a tax, you can think of it as a wealth tax, which you should be willing to pay right in a just society, so you'd have to have a salary cap, but then you just have everybody, you just hire have like a board of directors who hires hires management and then they do do what every other team does, which is basically what the packers do, only it would be totally municipally run. Okay, somebody wants me to do the rest of uh Europe with the uh America because I said the Midwest is the Balkans, we've already established that Appalacia is the caucases, uh, I think that. All right, all right, this is interesting, uh, huh, I think the west coast of Scandinavia, northeast is France, the south is Italy. and then of course like everything west of the mid-west is uh the eurasian step. Texas can be Germany, how about that? Texas is the is is is Germany, because it's the size of all these other regions and it has as many parts of it within itself, buse like there's like uh, like East Texas is like Bavaria and then like West Texas is like Prussia, so yeah, Germany is uh, Germany is Texas, the north, the whole northeast is fucking France. and maybe a little spain uh, Italy is the south, the step is the is the west, and then Scandinavia is the west coast, I think that's it, that makes sense, the northeast is France and then New England is England, obviously, so I'm talking like Pennsylvania uh to like through New York, that's France, and and New England is England, that makes perfect sense, ancient rivals, new york, the yankees red socks, that's nothing on uh, on uh on the 100 years war, fucking battle of Asian court, I'll take that any day over uh, over uh game 7 of the 2003 Alds, alCs god damn it. Florida is turkey and greece like depending on like it's the pelopanese yeah think of the Mediterranean as the Caribbean or Caribbean as the Mediterranean so uh the south is Italy and then Florida is. past the agean to uh to Greece and and uh and Anatolia the mid atlantic that is the low countries that's Benelux Del Marva with Delmarva is benelux how's that yes New Orleans is Venice correct very. good, see, this all works. Hawaii is like uh, Malta or something, and uh, Alaska is Iceland. What is the Vatican? Graceland, baby. That's the American Vatican, but New England is old England, the British Isles, so it's also Ireland, the whole thing, because it's not that big, they flatter themselves, Ohio, no, Ohio, Serbia. the thing is is that England and Ireland as much as people they may hate each other or whatever, it's basically the same countries, I'm sorry, it's the same pasty skin, it's the same hunched over, beaten down feeling, both countries have the same exhausted sense of being passed by, uh, the same. enervating weather, the same sort of dreariness of the soul and and like kind of uh, I mean Ireland they're much more cheerful, the people are nicer, but the vibe is very similar, uh, just like there's some parts of uh, of New England are nicer than, so that's why as much as you'd want Boston to be Ireland, I'm sorry, Boston's too miserable to be Ireland, Boston's got to be England, that's how badly you. Irish fucked up, you turned Ireland into England when you moved here, buse Boston is like fucking uh, is is one of those bummer ass uh, English cities where everybody just kills each other during soccer matches. and if none of this makes sense, remember it's all absurd and ridiculous and means nothing, but as I've also said, it's not hurting me. buddy, so let's have a little fun. Oh, I'm just staring at this, I'm getting transfixed, I'm sure this is always very rivoting when I do this, but sorry, I'm just, wow, good stuff, oh god, somebody asked what kind of board games uh, Virgil made us uh, has ever made us play? I think I talked about this uh on the show, but I'm not sure when we went to Net roots Nation in Philadelphia last year, there was a at the in the swag merch area, which was way inferior to the one at CPAC, they had this v these like activist board games, board games were supposed to teach you how to be a better activist, one of this called. like antiifa space cats or something like that, it was weird, i don't really remember how it went, but it was you were fighting fascists in space and you were a cat, so that was the that's the one name, he also uh in Iowa last year made us play or earlier this year, made us play the b uh uh uh, the game of thrones trivial pursuit, i think it was, i'm hoping this. streams a game soon, hoping that can happen soon, i would play white frail to the board game, that sounds fun, uh, somebody asked let me try uh, i got to make an a sad admission here, somebody asks how many? criterian collection dvds i own for one thing, i'm not really that kind of guy, i appreciate fine films sometimes, but i mostly watch shit, i mostly watch garbage uh, but even if i didn't, i don't own any dvds anymore, i'm i it's just i move too much, it's too seductive to just have everything in the cloud, even though i know i don't really own anything and anything can be taken from me at any moment and that's scary, but It's a price you pay, I'm probably going to just cut off all media and just uh evaluate what's going on in the world through augery watching where the chickens feed and when the crows fly from their nests and that kind of thing. Secret honor is the greatest movie about Nixon ever made with. with the best nixon in it, Philip uh, philip baker hall, one of the greats and he doesn't even really do an impression and they don't give him any makeup or anything, he just plays the volcanic wounded animal, it's really good, grumlins two should be criteria release, absolutely. masterpiece, yeah, i am getting today has been very bad for allergies, i uh, it's it's it's it's been getting worse this week, ragweed, damn you, yeah, everybody asked seedless too, check it out, it's groovy. I did see never really here, that movie is amazing because it it it kind of came out while pizza gate was still something that was uh idiots like me thought was mostly a joke, but it seems chillingly plausible now, I'll say that. hearing chimes, i gush it was an ice cream guy, oh that's a great question, i had never thought of that because i given up hope that it'll never happen, who would be the ideal director for an American Tabloid film? very good question, let's think about this, that movie has been daggled in front of me forever, i remember like in the 90s it was uh Tom Hanks was going to produce a mini series for HBO, it never happened, even after la confidential, it's a bummer because that's my favorite one of his books, it's the first one I've read, I'm a big fan of all of this stuff, but nothing's ever topped the experience of reading American table for the first time, it was one of the most important books I've ever read in terms of shaping my aesthetical, my my uh historical interests, uh, my politics uh uh my uh you know my approach to narrative, a lot of things, it was like what I thought you could do in a in a novel uh, and so I would love to see a movie version of it, even if it would be a bastardized, because la confidential is a really good movie, but it still isn't a patch on the book, um, and I, but the best part is I think I can understand why they did what they had to do with LA confidential because the plot of la confidential is absurdly complicated, I mean it's that's part of the point, but it's also just the idea of... putting even a fraction of it on the screen, not realistic. with American cably, i think you could really do it, you could really tell that story in a way that wouldn't compromise the story, because the big problem with uh uh, the big problem with la confidentials way it just ends in a big stupid shootout that just cuts the gorde and not of all the plot strings, and i don't think you'd have to do that with american table, and so i've often thought about casting it, like should be in it. but i had really thought of direct it, let's think of the obvious choices first, uh, the first day that comes to mine the most obvious name is David Fincher, uh, but I don't think that would be ideal, he gets Elroy's obsessiveness obviously in his like chilly like reptilian gaze, I don't know, maybe it would be, maybe maybe I'm thinking too hard, maybe it's just vincher. Maybe Fincher is the one cuuse the thing is, I guess it's because I don't really like Fincher that much, he's not, I don't like him as much as a lot of people do, but I have to say that for this material, he's kind of ideal, but let's keep thinking uh, the code brothers, no, no, no, no, no, not the code brothers, uh, Elroy doesn't really have a sense of humor is the thing, and I don't think they could ever really pull that off, that's one of Elroyce. strengths is that he never winks, he has full full fucking like fixated north star intensity on telling the stories, so he has no time for frivolity, some of his short stories are funny on purpose, but uh the novels are not funny, and that's not that's good, if they wouldn't be as good if they were, and i can't see the con brothers not doing it, like uh no country for all men is a pretty funny movie. we it's got two double beds, did you not hear me? we don't give out that information about our residence, and of course one of the funniest bits in cone brother's history in the famous coin toss scene with the gas station guy when he when he chokes on the p not goes. uh, who else? Paul Thomas Anderson, someone said, he doesn't really do plot, and uh, an American Tabloid movie would have to be very plot heavy, it would have to get in its character stuff at the edges and that's not really what part uh, what PTA does, so I don't think uh, I don't think that would be a good good one, Zach Snider, that's kind of funny, I don't know uh. Soderberg is an interesting choice. Okay, Soterberg is interesting, because he can do like genre shit like easily, you know, I mean he's he's he did one of the all-time great Elmore Leonard adaptation. and uh out of sight, i think he could he could vibe with elroy, he's also got the chille thing uh, so he's definitely on the list, michael man, uh, huh, that's an interesting one, he's definitely would uh, yeah, i don't know, i think he might be like, he might be hostile to the plot stuff, but it's just too plotty. 'cuz he's his movies really don't move in that kind of linear way, i mean heat it is almost three hours long and there's barely any plot hit it, craig zuchler, oh man ooh now that's an interesting one, greig z, i don't know if he could pull up well now he did phones, he can definitely pull off uh, yeah all right, he's definitely on the list too'. Dan gilroy is a good idea to dan gilroy is good Andrew dominick not bad he's some good ideas here not tarantino Andrew dominick is a good one too not eastwood uh i just finished lodge 49 uh i really liked it and i thought the last the end was great but god damn it i really wanted. in another season, now that I'm done, I'm really kind of annoyed, because as much as they don't need another season, because the show is able to you know leave you with a sense of satisfaction no matter what, because it's you know it's it's it's it understands itself as a cyclical story, even though it might get another addition to it, but still man, I i really like those characters and I would like to hang out with them some more. for another season or so, but people, people are too dumb, there wasn't enough uh prestigi bullshit in it for people to watch it, there wasn't enough uh dumb ass, indulgent, like ooh, this is all very serious and rigorous, and this is real, this is cinema, while you're looking at your phone the whole time, every one of these fucking shows is designed to be watch, you're watched looking at your phone, goddamn it, how about some coffee flavored coffee? okay, there's a cheeto with the white house, man, i have stuffed up this is not good, oh boy, i'm sorry, what is the most effective allergy medicine? it's not the one i took today, that's for sure, i thought it would have fucking worked, i got to take another one, These damn botgle uh, allergy medicines are nothing but saw dust. Yeah, how you guys always make fun of jick? how do you know he's just not allergic? huh? it's not necessarily tooting on that yeyo, he might just have some dang red weet allergies as i do, i am not buying the ps5, no, what would i do with it? i don't i don't game, i shant game, shant be happening, i have, i we have a we have a gaming pc. for me to work on if we ever figure out how to fucking stream from our office, i'll play crusader kings or something there or roll a ball around in a katatamari demasi game. and stream some of that, but I shant be gaming on a console, I shant be gaming upon a console, you can't make me do it. Oh, I usually, the thing is, I usually don't take medicine, I usually cuz it usually just hits the morning and then I'm fine, so I just got to write it out, but today it's not going away. having kids immoral? no, of course not, it's it shows that you actually believe that you can that there's a future, it makes you want to fight for it. there's nothing wrong with egoism is just an observation of the... as as it exists, but you aren't yourself as you exist, you're all, you are all yourselves together at the same time, and how do you manage that? that's the only question that matters. how do you manage all those other isolated, singular egos? how do you manage them? because that's all that there is. uh, Virgin wants to do a beltwaver garage suit, but I got to know, I got to say, I don't know what I'm going to talk about because I have completely checked out on the presidential race, I mean I do not care, I mean obviously it's not hard for that to be the case cuuse everything that's happening seems very irrelevant, but I have genuinely fully grill pilled all my way through by any of my concern and... and personal, i don't really know what's going on, it looks like mine's going to win, but i mean i don't give a shit, so i don't know what i'm going to say honestly, maybe i'll just talk about grilling. Booker in Kentucky is interesting, it would be nice to see him get the nomination because it's obviously very unlikely that McConnell will lose, but if things fall correctly, this could be an unprecedented lines landslide election. I mean, you're seeing certain signs of enthusiasm on the anti- Trump side and uh, a huge shift about democratic voters, the potential to see a return. among black voters to 2016 voting uh or 2012 uh voting uh participation amounts which if that all happened you could see a real genuine landslide and would necessarily extend that far down the ballot because obviously a lot of it will be about Trump specifically rather than the republican party but Mitch McConnell is a very hated individual he could very well get some of that uh backsplash and you want if that possibility happens. it honestly won't really matter who he's running against so you in terms of you know because they're going to win either way get somebody there who might be slightly better than the other one and uh booker looks a lot better than Am yuck liberate alberta baby wegsit build the pipe build the damn pipe when are we gonna build the pipe when are we gonna get serious in Ottawa and start building the damn pipe? I am patio man, je sui, I am patio man and this is my patio land and I am the god whose surveils it, all is under my domain from the ikea folding chair to the webber 22-inch kettle to my shall. Is Michael Jackson truly cancelled? He's dead, that's exactly, that's as cancelled as you get. There's no cancellation that transcends death, I'm afraid. Yes, this is my patio autonomous zone. somebody asks keeps asking about arliver stone's dixson which is an okay movie it's pretty good but it's not his best uh it's got a lot of great performances though although one of them is not really Anthony Hopkins I don't think he's very good I'm not going to lie and not just because he didn't have a good uh handle on an American accent which he absolutely does not he sounds fucking welsh always, same way connery always sounds scottish, you want around anymore, but uh, a lot of the other performances are great, they really nailed the casting, James Woods as Haldeman, I mean perfect, JT Walsh as Ericman. Who should direct the chris Dorter movie? me baby, me, no, I, I will be directing the uh, the the Stephen paddock movie, uh, dourner, harbody kirin, good, good, good job. Soderberg actually, I think if you read Dorner's insane um uh manifesto where he shouts out like Hillary Clinton, Joe Scarboro, uh, Giana Michaels and talks about like uh, Tond phillips, thank you for the hangover films and it's sad that I'm not going to get to see the Hangover 3, I think it's going to be wonderful when you complete the trilogy sir, before he goes out to kill a bunch of cops and go down in the blaze of glory when they set fire to the building is in. That's like that's it's like a normy just purely snapping and the informant does a good job of that uh safties would be good for a daughter movie, oh yeah, safties would be great for a daughter movie, Michael Bjordan is gort as uh... as daughter, okay, even though it looked like LL Coolj. I'd actually like to see the huge brothers come out of retirement to do a daughter movie. What was the last movie they made? Dead presidents is so good, also minutes to society. So yeah, the huge brothers. Give them some money and have them do the daughter movie. I don't think John Carpenter wants to come back, which is cool. Okay, somebody asked about dem, I bet because I started talking about causality and you know how all action is pre-determined and to totally predestin and unchanging, but you still have free will because you are not aware of the degree to which that is true. Uh, and so you'll say, oh, that's on that show, so I started to watch it, and I got to say man, I cannot take Alex garland. shit, i cannot handle this super ponderous, just overly pretentious, crisp frosty thing that he does, it just rubs me the wrong way, i don't get more pulled in by it, i get more alienated by it, and then i find myself looking at my phone and then i'm like, i told myself i wasn't going to do this anymore, so that means i should stop watching it. Who play the sardays? Uh, well, Felix will play a amelgum of both. I don't have the roda, that's not, that's one of the only things that isn't sneezing is one of the only things that isn't a symptom of the corona. I was not a huge anniholation fan either or X-Bakida. Time to air it all out. British Scifi guys and me don't really go too well together, I guess you'd say. him and uh Ridley Scott can go jump up my butt 28 days later is okay but he didn't direct it it would have been worse if he directed it i can say that honestly i know people love dread now and dread is a uh cult classic and i certainly see the appeal, i watched it like two weeks after i saw the raid and i just like this is this made me wish i was watching the raid guy fighting his way through a one building it's just i know it's not fair to compare them but i couldn't get it out of my head and so i can't really judge it outside of that context also i want a little bit i'm sorry i want a little bit of build world building can i get a little bit of world building the whole concept is is that it's a near it's some cyber future where all the the entire world has been samblasted and the only places left are these little antarctic mega cities and the crime is so ramp and and overpopulation is so out of control that they've gotten rid of having even a complete an actual legal system one man judge jury and executioner and in the movie that don't really come into it at all cuuse they get locked into the thing the whole time like the design of like those modular uh uh housing complexes was cool, but you know give me a little bit of the actual what's it like in there, what's the deal? it's it's it's supposed to be a far future dystopia, i'd like a little bit more of that. now the the salone version fucked up because they did the bad thing where you go to see a movie about a guy who's got who's got a job and then half of the movie is them not doing that job because they are uh been framed for something, i hate that, you you want to see the guy be the thing, you don't want to see him not be the thing, it's judge dread, not prisoner dread, but anyway at least you got more of a sense of like what what the society was like, i mean it was dumb, like the council of judges shit, very stupid, but i want a little bit of that, i want to poquito mass of that por favor, so that's why i can't even really get behind drend, even though many people love it, spilling all the tea right now, spilling the tea all over the place, like a cherub. I've seen CSA uh, the confederate states of America movie, it's not great, uh, it's very low budget, this is one of the big problems with it, but it's uh got some interesting ideas and it's it's it's relatively well researched. but I uh and also I don't think it's really possible that the confederace states would have taken over and imposed slavery in the entire United States uh it would have been more like in the Harry Turtle Duve books where they become regional superpower rivals and end up fighting in both world wars against each other. All right guys, one more question I think and then I'm going to split, thank you guys for talking, it was a good time, uh, somebody asks how to stop behavior loops. uh, it's hard, it's impossible to tell someone because they have to find out for themselves what works, but the principle of all of them is slow down, i know it's way easier to say than to do, but when you learn why from the inside it'll be easier to remember, i don't have an edit, i should get one though, they look like fun. All right guys, somebody asked me if uh, somebody gave me the advice to get a gun uh, Ha, yeah, that's hilarious. Bye-bye guys.