 ah there we go, oh that's better, that's better than last time, i make sure this thing is going, oh there i am. Time for some soy facing folks, it's my version of doing the scales, musicians I got to do their voice, well I just have to do soy face to get my jaw in the right position to issue the hottest takes, ah. just god craving some soy, i really want some soy right now, ah, god, where's my damn soy? ah, i might be getting a grill soon, i've been thinking about it, they're extending this uh, they're extending, they're probably never going to let people out of their homes and new york here, and like you know, even if i wanted to ignore it, it wouldn't be nobody, there's nowhere to go because nobody else is uh going to ignore it either, so I'm stuck indoors, so I might as well actually start grilling, yeah, I want to try to do those beyond burgers, they're pretty good, and also the sausages are very good too, I also have some steak so they're in my freezer that I want to finish before they go bad, so going to grill it up, I got to get like a small medium size webber or something, got to use carcol and it can't be too big either because I don't have a lot of space. Yeah, uh, people were seeing the obunglers place in the Hamptons, which or no, I'm sorry, Martha's Viñard, Marth's vinyard where all, it's now where all the democrats go, apparently, it's uh, little St. James North, and his awful house that looks like it's made of fucking popsicle sticks, his baby. mansion is got one tiny little grill, grill like that's probably going to be about the size of the one I get in my postage stamp back area, this guy's got seven million acres that he can hunt humans for sport on, and he's got one tiny little ass fucking charcoal grill, he doesn't even want to grill, the guy has no interest in grilling, it's a bad looking house and it reminds you these people have no taste that... "Edmond Burk, you know, uh, in his defenses of the upper class, his defense against the French revolutionary uh grand leveling, uh, his defense against the old ancient society of orders was, yes, you have this wild, uh, disproportionate uh, distribution of resources, but what that means is that people at the top who are able to spend less time working, are able to have more refined tastes and sensibilities, are able to use that money to build beautiful things that the rest of us can enjoy, glass cathedrals and uh you know the works of the the renaissance and all the beautiful just beautiful homes and and architecture and everything that that the wealthy you know indulge in all their luxury has a certain aesthetic uh beauty to it that enlivens all of us even if we don't get to directly experience it through through owning it. i mean of course you can argue about that and you can talk about how you know it's pretty clearly a uh a specious argument on the behalf of a total ass kisser but I don't think if you if you brought Burk up from the dead he'd be able to say that there is any redeeming aesthetic sense to any of the rich assholes we have now, it's just been burned out of them, there's nothing left, because the only reference point now is luxury, there's no culture, wealth is so disconnected from people, from like actual culture that there's no remaining sense of um of like luxury expressing any kind of... aesthetic or cultural values, I think a good example of this is if anyone has been to Vegas uh in the in the past like it's i think it's been within the last 10 years so vegas the big the big places that went up in the first generation you were all the mob the mob places the places that Howard Huws owned the casino aaro ones that that like forget about that that's old vegas new like mountain vegas started in the early 90s with the big infusion of corporate money that went into the building of a bunch of themed uh family style casinos getting rid of vegas's semi reputation and mob affiliations and and replacing it with the idea of it being a place for the whole family, so what kind of things did they make, what kind of building, what kind of casinos did they build? uh, they built the luxure, which is a big crystal pyramid with a spinx in front of it, to recall ancient Egypt, uh, ex-calibur, which is just a giant cheesy castle of medieval Europe, they got a they got jous in the in the basement, uh, New York, New York, which is supposed to be a recreation of the hustle and bustle of midtown and grenage village and all that uh hilariously people put signed items and uh momentos in front of it uh after 9/11 and then Steve Wind shows up in the mid-90s and decides all this family shit's fine but we need something that's going to be like classy to get people to spend more money because there's family vacation type places have a certain limit they get a lot of money from a lot of hy charging people stuff but It's there's a limit to you how much you can for example how how high in a restaurant a family place is going to be able to uh have and so he wanted some places that bespoke eleggance and so he built the valagio uh in 97 which you know became famous especially in ocean the first oceans 11 remake and it was you know italian uh it was a reference to uh like modern Italian architecture. like the idea of this is Italy, this is the continent, this is this is sophistication, it had an art gallery, it was the first casino to have an art gallery, sophistication was the whole idea, and then they built the Venetian, which was Italy in the renaissance, with with a front that's uh, that's the model after the dojas palace uh, and then they built uh uh Paris, which is supposed to be like second empire France. These are all things that are supposed to be fancy and supposed to be uh eloquent and and beautiful and of course they're tacky because of the recreations, but at least they're referring to some type of cultural memory of of value. In the last 10 years, like the last 10 years, they built a couple of new casinos and big developments there like the cosmopolitan and aria are the two big ones and if you've seen. these, you can go and look on them online, they have no theme, they have no aesthetic, anything, they're just big glass cubes, because that is the modern architectural language of of urban wealth, it's hidden in giant glass buildings because of the vast amount of inequality that urban areas have, you have to, you have to concentrate all that wealth in a in a basically one giant tube, and everything is sleek and it all kind of looks like a fucking ipod store, but it's not referencing anything culturally, it's totally self-referential, it's purely expressing money, unadorned by any kind of accumulated culture that that money might have gone into influencing, and it really shows you that the wealthy have reached escape velocity from the rest of us to the point where they're not even in the same world as we are in meaningful ways. they're building an entirely different world, brutalism is interesting, i think brutalism, i i understand why people want to say brutalism is good, but i mean when you consider the constraints that went into brutalism. and how much of it was done out of necessity uh or to cut corners rather than any due to any real vision, it it it becomes harder to defend in practice, but i can certainly see it being good uh and um the funniest brutalist building i know of is in the university of Cincinnati um uh when I live there uh there is a giant... there's a big building that was that house their design school, they have a pretty well-known design school and it was actually designed by one of the professors at their design school and it's a big brutalist tower that fans out at the top, no windows, it looks like a giant lego, but the guy in the original design, they forgot to put bathrooms in it at all, there are no bathrooms in the building and they built it before they realized that and then they had to go back in and install the bathrooms and then in addition to that, it was also set in its foundation poorly because it's a very hilly campus and it's now essentially leaning and it's going to fall over and i think it if it hasn't been evacuated yet, they're going to end up evacuating the whole thing and having to destroy it soon, and it lasted for like 30 years. so that's not a great uh example, but i mean that's the kind of thing that happened with uh with brutalism, it got thrown in there haphazardly and uh and cheaply, i mean i i don't know if anyone wants to defend Boston City Hall you could try, but i have a hard time with it. myself, but I'm not really an architecture guy anyway, I'm kind of talking out of my ass, more so than usual, but I do know an ugly house when I see one and the fucking Obama's house is dog shit. I do think it's funny that the vast majority of uh large colleges have brutalist libraries because yeah they almost they all experience a huge boom in uh in admission around the same time because of the baby boom which led to you increased endawment and shit like that around the same time and and a need to build a new library around the same time and that was the public art that was the public architecture and so they all look like that, it's astounding how many uh, even on campuses that have a dominant you know uh early modern aesthetic or something uh they still will have the goddamn or like bricks or something they'll still have the fucking brutalist library well art deco i mean come on what's not to love i fell in love with art deco watching ghostbusters as a child my first ever encounter of it was was dana barret's apartment building design by Evo Shandor, cold rivited steel girders with cores of pure serenium, it's the same sort of telemetry tracker that NASA uses to track dead pulsars in deep space. I say we bring back two to half timbers, make every village, make every town look like an absurd uh whimsical medieval village, all everything's like falling towards each other, no more toilets, just throwing shit out of the out of the street. i i try to read the questions out loud or at least get the like get the idea of the question out loud so the people. what it is, i'm sorry if i don't, but yeah, getting back to the main point is that there's no redeeming aesthetic element to our current oligarchy, just nothing, a white coke, white coke shirts and big ugly glass towers, that's all we got, it sucks, uh, the new down bound tv show, i haven't read the book, uh, i i don't know, i mean i i've always i'm a big fan of any attempt to you know put brown john brown on tv but or in anything but i watched the trailer and it looked intense and Ethan Hawk looked like he's doing good gonna go a good job but it also looked like it was trying to be a little epic it looked like it was trying to be like uh funny and i could see that maybe working but i don't know if it will. I'm going to see it for sure. I'm uh, I'm withdrawing, I'm with holding judgment, but I'll definitely watch it. Even though, even with the goofy uh, the goofy feeling of the trailer, when he's like thundering away, it still gives you goose bumps. the roudy piper movie, is it good? i don't know which one you refer to, if you're talking about they live, yes it's very good, if you're talking about hell comes to frog town, not as good, favorite seafood oysters baby, give me them stirs, oh little little sustainable, non-conscious guilt free delicious little se seafood flavor balls, oh i love them anyway make them. Okay, this is an interesting, someone asked what I would do for a uh, if I was going to do an elf reboot, it's good question, I've mentioned this before, how to do an elf reboot, it would all have to be hard r with deeper eroticism, uh, I don't know if I would have alf having sex with a human, but uh, you might see his genitals, I would need that, that would be that a minimum, swearing of course, all... swears and a lot of gour, it would be very bloody, he would eat, the first shot would be of him eating, actually eating a cat, that's all I know, very first shot would be a cute little kitty cat that would he would eat like that scene in old boy when he eats the octopus, one shot, no cut, him just eating a cat, uh, I don't know how we would do that, CGI maybe uh, maybe it shooted on international waters or something, but that was... definitely be the first shot just to establish this is not your dad's elf, this is a serious gritty take on what would happen if there was an alien lifeform who craved house cats living in a suburban Chicago family's home? but i could definitely see like el cuuse there was an elf movie that ended up the show where they get caught, he gets caught by the army and they're going to dissect him or something uh, i think that could work like: elf is a pawn between the white hats and the black hats in the q and on deep state war, like they're nuking each other's uh deep underground military bunkers and trying to catch him and swap him for other stuff. i think that could be pretty fun and the whole time he's just eating the shit out of cats. Oh my god, what if elf was cute? that would be perfect, actually, he's the one, he's caught in a deep, he's it's an area 51 or something, and he has limited internet access and all he's able to do is communicate just on this one account, because that's well the only way that like he's he's beat. piggy backing on one of his uh on like the forchant account of one of his uh um capters or something like he has technology that allows him to ghost his computer but he has to go where he goes so he has to go to forchant and he inscribes what's happening and then Trump and elf uh decapitate the deep state and execute Hillary Clinton on live television and then elf eats socks. would i cast in the elf reboot? okay, that's a good question. all right, uh, hopefully you can get the same guy for the voice because i feel like the voice of alf was pretty. uh um iconic, if we can't get him, gimati seems like I mean that seems obvious, but also he's got that, he's got a honk, I kill me, can't you hear chamati saying, I kill me, can't you hear it, can't you hear the people saying, you can hear it, you can hear him say, I kill me, uh, then uh, to play um, the dad, what was his name, max uh, no, willy. his the guy's real name was max little own fact uh elf's daad on the show after the show when he was in his 60s was photographed uh in a crack house with no pants and it ended up getting in a in a uh like the national inquire or something Brian Cranston great perfect welcome in the middle perfect perfect Brian Cranston. We're already there, we're cooking with gas, uh, I don't even remember who played the mom because she didn't really have much of a role to play other than telling uh Willy to be nicer to Alph and vice versa just playing. uh, you know, uh, just being a housekeeper, um, you need somebody you could just be an, how about Julianne Moore, there you go, she could just, she could kind of like be her a version of her character from safe, and then the kid, the little child, I'm not going to be Timothy Shalomy, so just get that out of your head right now, uh, that little torp, no, thank you. probably one of those little assholes from it or uh fucking uh stranger things there's all there's all those punk kids now just get one of those kids who cares the kids suck the kids only going to be in it very a little bit and he might even die during the course of the movie uh the kid is like secondary it doesn't matter what just randomly grab someone from the cast of uh of stranger things the kid with no teeth whatever i don't care doesn't matter he's only going to be in two or three scenes and then he's going to get hit by a hum v or something when the army comes to get elf that to raise the stakes, that would be ideal. wow, Eric Roberts is the cat, as proven he can do it in the film a talking cat, yes that was a hell of a film, oh someone says they want to. watch uh the 80's blob? if you have not seen the 80's blob, watch it, one of my favorite movies, wildly underrated, there's three really great gury remakes of classic horror films in the 80s and some of them bombed at the time, some of them were successful, some of them, but all of them have gained an estimation, the thing obviously, the fly uh and but i feel like underenestimated and underrated compared to those two, but just as good as either of them, i would argue. is the fucking blob, the blob rule, some of the best practical effects, gruesome, brutal, uh, very unsentimental, willing to kill characters you would not expect, at times you wouldn't expect, keeps you off of your like narratively, keeps you on your toes, and what's really funny is that it uh, it totally inverts the politics of the original blob, because everybody took the original blabes about uh communism right, oh there's this big red thing is coming to get everybody. It's it's communism, or you can say actually the blob is you know anti-communist hysteria if you wanted to be uh uh smart ass about it, but either way that was the metaphor, in this one the blob isn't an even alien, quote, spoiler alert, it's a military experiment and the military is trying to uh keep it alive so it could be used as a weapon, so the bad guys like the military industrial complex and uh fanatical uh christianity basically Reagan like Reagan's America is the is the bad guy uh in the blob remake but forget the politics the just on a pure level of craft one of the best horror films that of that decade and belongs absolutely in the same conversation with those other great remakes written by Frank Deribont. man, i make some want to rewatch that, i watched it a few months ago, i want to watch it again now, it's it's never free streaming anywhere of course, wait a minute, someone says that if they switch between this channel and stav, it's means i'm insane, i don't get what compared to stav, of course, stav is uh, i mean stav has a level of enlightenment that i will never reach, i'm struggling here, i'm on an earthly plane, he's transcendent me. so i don't think that's a fair comparison. favorite john carpenter movie? that is always a tough one. uh, i will say that i have a i don't really like uh escape from New York, i'll admit that. that's i that's an alltimer that i just can't enjoy. the pace of it has never really worked for me. uh, and like the the the score for once is a real dud for me too. and it's my it's it's the least interesting Kurt Russell performance. that he gave for carpenter in my opinion i don't know but i really really like the thing obviously and they live uh prince of darkness of course uh i just rewatched in the mouth of madness and it's much better than i remember being it's a really good movie uh big trouble in little China honestly has a soft spot for me it might honestly be that if i think about it and certainly my favorite curt russell performance with with carp and and since they're such a great duo that kind of gives it an inside track. Oh man, ghost on Mars, I should rewatch that one too, you know, I kind of even like Vampires because it had a good uh James Woods performance, but there's a reliance on montage instead of action scenes, it's kind of troubling, it kind of feels like they ran out of money, which they probably did, I know. has never had a great time getting funding for his movies, which is obviously awful, but at the same time, I don't really think that even if you gave him money now, he'd really want to make a movie, he seems to be actually where a where a person like him should be, chilled at at ease with their uh, with their legacy, gaming, uh, smoking weed, uh, following pro basketball, rocking out with his son, sounds fun, he doesn't need to make any more movies. Yes, John Carpenter is 100% grill pill, when they when they asked, what do you think of this movie that's coming up based on your thing, he's like, uh, if they're not paying me, so I don't care, if they paid me, then I would care, what else are attitudes you have towards your old work, there's nothing you can do about it, it'll stand the test of time on its own, does anyone remember the fucking Mary Elizabeth Winsted thing, it was technically like a prequel, so they were trying to like not to be secret religious so it's look, this isn't actually a sequel, this is what happens to the to the scandinavians before uh the thing starts. okay, apparently they did practical effects by the way in that whole movie, and then they showed it to this executives and the executives were so weirded out by it because practical effects, they don't, they don't look more realistic as the thing than CGI, they look different, they look more, they look like they take up space, but they don't necess. look more convincing, what CGI shows you is that that's not the only thing that matters, convincing is not the only thing that matters, if it feels like it's actually present and has weight it's in the room, you will forgive anything else, but these guys have been so hard wired to think that realism is what you're after, but they freaked out and had them reshoot it all with CGI, which of course now already looks like dog shit, but nobody remembers that, nobody remembers the fog remake. this shit where they just have some fucking music video director come out and a couple people from a WB show starring it and it makes $50 millions and nobody ever thinks about it again, the originals are still there, they're still he's still he's still beloved by all people who who seek quality cinema, the guy's twitter handle is master of horror for god's sake, he is securing himself, because master of horror is the kind of thing that only someone who really thought they were would ever put in their fucking bio, that's the kind of thing that you have to be fake modest about, if you're insecure or guilty, he's not, so he's like, yeah, i'm a master of war, fuck you, ernest scared stupid does hold up, and speaking of good effects, the earnest scared stupid effects are pretty damn good. that the the the the trolls look good and it's some of Varney's finest acting uh when he does all the different characters no he was really talented jimny i don't think uh i don't think Lee carter's coming on trapo guys sorry probably not gonna happen think we can let that one go hopefully. did i like the new gavid gordon green halloween movie? i actually did, i thought it was really good, i was very surprised at how effective it was as a horror movie because i've never really been that impressed with David Gordon green as a stylist, he was, i always thought he was very good at creating mood, but i didn't really feel like he was necessarily someone who was terribly adapted you, pacing and uh and lighting and and editing the kind of things that make it. a horror scene pop, but it was good. have i seen tremors, have i seen tremors, to even ask the question, another movie that is almost flawless, it it it has ambitions that it that is perfectly suited to achieving, it is, it is, yes it is a reach not exceeding grasp, it's it's, it's beautiful. uh, I've only seen a couple of the tremmer sequels, I saw the one, the second one where they run, and I saw the third one where they fly from farting, they get keep getting. man, i never saw the old west one, i think i watched the first 10 minutes of the fifth one on netflix and i was like, no, i can't even do this, have i seen bordello of blood by dennis miller, i saw bordello of blood with dennis miller in the theater, because at the time is a young man i loved, i lo him because his jokes had very obscure references in them, and if I got them, I felt smart, so that's why I liked him, it wasn't because he was funny, it's because it was flattering to me as a fucking awful nerd, and so when he had that brief awful abortive acting uh career in the 90s, I was there, I was all there, uh, Bordelo Blood not very good, there's a lot of nudity in it, which is nice, uh, he is pretty funny and apparently he was a huge jerk during the making of the film uh he wouldn't talk to anybody uh he basically wrote his own dialogue and then he refused to promote it just was above it all the whole time but still cash the checks absolute prick as you would imagine demon night is much better the first the first tailson cript movie is much better i heard that mnight shaman was remaking tales for the cript for tnt i don't know if that got cancelled, i hope so, because the whole point of teilson the cript was ec comedy or EC comics, which you know for for HBO meant, it would had to be exploitation, so it was wildly gory and filled with nudity, and it's if you're not going to do that, what's the point of doing tails from the crypt, the stories aren't that clever, it's like oh oh the the ventrilous tell me is going to kill him now, it's not like this shit wasn't. Twilight sound, I watched the new creep show and it was okay, none of them were that great, it just seemed a little literal, literal minded. looking for a question, i'm having a hard time finding anyone, i always look kind of dead, oh dear, that doesn't sound good, i hope the the camera looks like this image is clear, i know it wasn't so good yesterday, i don't know, i need to get a new phone, i think someone wants to talk about the robot police state that's coming, i don't really know what to say about it other than that's what the trajectory we're on uh we can stop it hopefully we certainly should try to with all of our fibers of being because it is uh it's a it's a bad outcome that we should all try to avoid but i really don't know at this point what to say uh i just i feel like we're still still taking in the meg the... magnitude of the shifting grounds underneath us, are Brooklyn drug dealers delivering? I'm assuming all drug dealers everywhere are delivering. opinions on UV bowl, I'll pick that one just because I love UV Bull because he thinks he's funny and the way he thinks he's funny is is actually hilarious uh postal is really the movie to watch I mean most of them are just too inapt to be funny but when he's actually trying to be humorous they're pretty good and also what's really baffling is is an interesting movie from an ideological perspective are his assault on or are his rampite his movie assault on wall street and then his rampage movies which over time because these like kind of chomsky essays intermixed with just nialistic violence. Actually someone asked if I'm excited for them streaming the Hamilton film, I'm, I mean, at this point, I will watch it, this thing that I've talked about and speculated about for years and helped make my career in many ways, I'm not gonna not watch it, I got to find out. and I want to find out how a bastard orphan, child of a hor and a scotsman became a hero and a scholar because he was a self-starter who worked a lot harder and was a lot smarter. I am watching SNL zoom and I've said this, it's brutally depressing and I hope they don't do it anymore. This is the end of the season, I honestly hope they just cancel it, if everyone still. quarantine and they're not doing live shows anymore in September, they should just get just take this as a sign from God, because I'm not getting anything from this anymore, I'm not getting any even just like hey, what's what are the kids up to these days, which I usually get from SNL, like I've said, it's like they're like terrorist suicide, murder videos, like hey, me and my friend are going to make this hilarious sketch before I go and blow up myself at a fucking uh marketplace grim, grim grim grim, bring back madv, i mean obviously now more than ever, now more than ever we need mad tv, uh, in in a sound stage, in the desert, no studio audience, uh, either you do a laugh track or nothing, oh god, i saw the Mr. show zoom thing, oh, i couldn't resist it, i mean mr. show is such a part of my humor DNA, but man, it was uh grim, everything, all this, all this table read stuff, all the zoom stuff is really, really grim, and it makes everything worse because it reminds you of how quickly and frantically people will try to adapt to an unsustainable situation uh, just because they have no all, they can't think of anything else to do. somebody asked about Howe Hawkins and the green party, if you want to vote for them go for it, I don't care, I mean I, I don't think it's going to matter, I i just can't see third party presidential politics, I mean that party. anyway and in this context with guy with candidates like Howe Hawkins mattering. Like I said, Jess sure now you got another story, but I i just it seems like a, if you if you if you want if you feel like it's worth it to you go for it. I'm not going to judge you, but I'm just not, I don't see the point. feels like everyone in a zoom based content has a gun pointed at them off screen and the writers are all crying while writing that is very accurate thank you strong goose shout out there that is the correct comment everyone feels coersed everyone feels on the verge of tears it's not good. Well what someone wants us to know why we haven't covered terror reed? I don't know what at this point where there is more to say than what we already know, the the the... the the deps to which the democratic party will go, the degree to which their their commitment to any any of the principles they claim to have supported is was actually just a fig leaf for their coersive power over the discourse is all obvious, it's not like it's it's not like it's going to bring down Biden, I think people have this delusion that oh, if we if we bring down Biden with this, they're going to put Bernie in there, no. Uh, someone wants to know if I'm doing anything else with nosticism? I mean, I've gone through a few stages uh, you know, of thinking about things and I've realized that at a certain level of abstraction, there's really no way to get across anything I'm trying to say in a way that won't just sound to most people like in. sanity or something that they you know understand intellectually but give no real you know uh meaning to don't don't don't give any credence to as as something that's explanatory so I'm I'm trying to figure out sort of how to suffuse my understandings into things that operate at a at a more at a lower and more comprehensive mutually comprehensive level uh but I definitely still uh I'm thinking about the demo urge and how the demo urge is you and me and we all make uh a shadow of the world and we have to live in it and we think it's the whole thing, but it's not. Where is Jis Lane a very good question, question I never thought we would get the answer to, the fact that she's apparently suing this epstein estate is absolutely mind-blowing to me. Holy crap, I don't know, I mean, my assumption is that that is a paper move to keep her alive, because remember every other statement about her is whereabouts is then never followed up upon. or substantiated from the fake in and out pictures to her hanging out with the billionaire in in Massachusetts uh her supposedly being triangulated by her cell phone to a resort in Brazil and now she's somehow pursuing legal cases defamation suits and and lawsuits again for the estate I mean all of those things could be done through shells and straws and accounts so I don't know I i think it it makes me think that she was taken care of and that she hasn't been around for a while alive and nothing that has happened since then has really made me doubt that because it does seem so weird how it'll be quiet for three or four months and then there'll be some gossip thing about how oh just lane's friends are talking about how she wants to get back out there then nothing three months later oh triangulated cell phone places just laying in Brazil. Nothing, three months later, oh she's ssing someone, it's like just putting up a flare every once in a while just to keep people from wondering too much where she might be. wow people are really mad that Michael Hudsons hasn't been on the pot, we've asked him, he prefers to just post. Why hasn't Caleb Jakoby been on the podcast? Oh god, you don't think I ask myself that every day. I would love to have young Kaleban, I would love him to spit fire about the time he hitch hike to New York and went to the fucking M&M Sore and about the fact that he apparently makes uh he makes hip hop beats influenced by the cabala and the sacred geometry of the of the Torah, I need to talk to this man. uh, I would like to have Mike Duncan on again, I i should ask him soon. I kind of want to have him on after he ends the rest the whole show, I don't know, we'll see, maybe before he comes back from the hietatus, have Elon Musk on the... show, we have had elon musk on the show in the form of James Adomian. I don't know, I don't think if he, I don't think he would want to go on. I don't think he really wants anybody to talk to him who isn't like Joe Rogan is just going to be like, oh cool, wow, oh man, may 4th, oh like Star Wars, Dan accroid going on true and on, I don't know, I don't know how how deep dan acroids connections go, Dan acroid cook be compromised realistically, I mean, he claims to know a lot of stuff, and he's still out there, makes you wonder if he's been compromised in some way, if he might be orchestrating limited hangouts, it's the same thing you got to wonder about that Tom Dunge character. Oh uh, somebody asked me yesterday to talk about the fact that now we have the name of a guy from the actual name of one of the guys from the Saudi embassy who helped the 911 hijackers uh navigating the US and giving money and stuff. I mean, it's just they forget to block out a name. We knew there was a guy at the you know there was a direct part of the Saudi uh. government who was involved, we've always known that, that's that's the hilarious shit is that all just went out right in the open, and because it's one of those things it's so vast, it can't be dealt with, it can kind of go out there, because there's no one who's going to do anything with it, because it's too all-encompassing, same thing with ebstean kind of there's no, you don't really have to worry about one side or the other using it if it's out the open, because it's too all-encompassing and it's too bipartisan in its condemnation, so and it's too central to the perpetuation of the existing systems that both sides support, so there's no way for them to effectively leverage it, so we can just sort of like over time let this shit out because there's nothing anyone can do about it, i mean i remember the fucking Afghan tapes uh the Afghan papers, which were like the Afghanistan war version of the Pentagon papers, saying basically the same thing that the... lied the entire time about the Afghanistan war, they lied about the metrics, they lied about America's uh progress, they lied about the viability of the government, they lied about the viability of the taliban opposition, they lied about everything for the entire way that they did, and it didn't matter, because it's no one's going to change any of this shit, so then what, so who is there to even make anything of it other than individual citizens, that they can see everyone else not doing it. anything about it and internalize the idea that even though this thing seems huge, it must mean nothing, because if it did mean something, why isn't anybody doing anything? I mean I wouldn't be surprised with those JFK files, I wouldn't be surprised at a certain point it'll be so long ago and and memories will be so short and there'll be no there very little remaining uh emotional attachment to the 60s basically once the doom boomers are gone the ones who still fixate on the Kennedy assassination as soon as they're gone or most of them or they're out of positions where they're still exercising authority through the vote in any significant number, you can put it out there and then people just be like, oh, wow, huh, wow, well you look at that, and they'll look around and nobody's going to do anything, so huh, okay, I guess that's just the thing. Yeah, it does feel like we're just getting these this series of limited hangouts all designed to enure us to the vast amount of shit that's been kept from us with the implicit uh message that there's nothing you can do to stop us, which is really why I resist conspiracy theory shit more than anything because it's very hard not to take the message of conspiracy theory worldview to be there can be no change because their control is total. boomer high school history feature had the... watch JFK in class, that is irresponsible teaching and I'm here for it, give it to me, way better than whatever the hell you are going to have them do, what, just have them listen to fucking we didn't start the fire, that's basically all you get in 20th century, usually in American history uh courses uh in high school, you got a whole year to do the US history, you mostly do the fucking constitution uh and founding fathers uh and then the rest of it is, yeah you by the time you get to the... 20th century, it's just they just play we didn't start the fire and then you the test is you have to fill in the lyrics. Ah, someone says their teacher did play, we didn't start the fire and then gave them a test, fucking it, I love American public schools, also private ones. what conditions would it take for the US military to sease control of government? basically whether at the point when the alternative would be uh collapse of the government, i assume it would take that much, because as i said these guys are all time-serving fucking fat heads, they have no vision, they have no real ambition beyond. uh climbing through the corp essentially the corporate ranks of the pentagon, they're just time servers, so they're going to take orders up until the end until if it's just roll up the tents and go home or try to maintain America as it exis as it you know as it has traditionally existed with its flags and symbols under their rule, then they would do it, but that would have to be in their their their uh, it would have to be at their level of... perception, they would have to see it that way themselves as the only thing standing between, and because they're so short-sited and so uncreative, I don't, I think it would take very, very, very much to get them there, so I think we would have to be in a state of very deep crisis, I don't know how it would specifically look, but I think the constitution and its inability to adapt to situations of crisis and like extreme shifts in material conditions and political reality, is going to be the thing that makes it happen one. or the other. How did our imagination become so limited? because we don't talk to each other anymore. I hate the sound like a fucking Jimmy Stewart character, but I mean we don't have a social understanding. If you don't see yourself as part of a social and organ, a social mechanism. How can you imagine any sort of uh future that will... uh feature your input in any way, how can you imagine future as something that is constructed by people and not something endured, that's the only way we've experienced it, we we've felt no sense of of agency or ownership over any part of our lives, and so we assume that that's the inevitable and and only way that uh the world works, that there is no way that we could assert control over our destinies, like look what's happening, we're just shrugging our shoulders and going back. out because that's just what happens, because these things are one way or the other natural occurrences and we can blame, we can blame the president and we can get mad at him, but we're basically like fans of a baseball team to get really mad at the manager, everybody knows, everybody really knows that the manager is the most inessential member of the team, you can have the greatest, if you have a good enough talent on a baseball team, you'd have to be a really bad coach to squander it and vice versa, because there's not much for manager. to do uh as opposed, he's not drawing up plays for the most part, but people still get mad at them, and if the team does badly, they still get fired and if the team does well they get promoted, they get uh extended, that's how we treat the presidents, but we kind of know at some level that they're not in charge, we just endure things, we just endure it, and that's why we can't imagine anything better, that's why we can't imagine any other way to deal with this virus than it, during thousands and hundreds of thousands more dead and higher risk to ourselves and our loved ones every time we go out. uh, somebody wants to know about what i said about how fascism isn't plausible in the short? that's what i mean if we can't imagine a social being that we're part of, how can we imagine fascism? fascism is the is the absolute the ideal of fascism is the subsumption of all all those pesky liberal subjects, all those fractious atomized liberal subjects compressed with the power of the state into one mass into one corporal being, that's about as far from our perception of ourselves and relationship to each other in this society as you could. imagine, they have fascism has farther to go to like engage the creative uh uh, you know, political mind of of imagination, the American political imagination than almost any mindset, any any ideology, if if that changes, if if politics becomes more real, if people feel like they're they can control things, it's because there's been some deeper breakdown. It's because there's been some dr devolution of authority downward where it could be reachable, and in a situation like that, where you have breakdown at a local level, you could have very quickly you could have fascism take control, but if we assume that the American state structure maintains its integrity, then politics is going to become less and less relevant, people are going to be less and less aware of themselves as political engaged people, which means the space is going to get filled the... authoritarian space isn't going to get filled by stormtoopers and even or even troops, it's going to be filled by technology, it's going to be filled by every smart device around that can pinpoint your exact location anywhere, they can listen to you almost anywhere you might be by turning on a speaker uh, see any communication you might give, the technology already is essentially being perfected in here and in China that and and uh automated and an almost automated AI control drone war that does all the work that you would need the fucking sa to do or that you would need the enabling acts for or you need to do the night of the long knives to bring in the airmack for? you don't need any of that shit. All right guys, wrap it up, a couple more questions tonight, then i'll say good night, have some dinner, uh, robots should be harnessed for the people, yes, like that's what i said is that the two baths, the socialism or barbarism path that we're on, is the is is capitalism and and uh and communism as as the states that are allowed to be possible by technology, technology makes comment is impossible, technology makes capitalism possible uh, and and and at sufficiently advanced levels, technology can make communism, make socialism become communism, or in the hands of capital can make can accelerate us towards total submission to machinery, total algorimatization, where we are just, we are just inputs, we're like, we're like bulbs in a string of christmas lights, interchangeable, we are we are uh "we are pure skinner creatures of reward and punishment for given amount of uh of exertion to the degree that we're necessary, so it's i mean the ludite path is is back towards you know slave empires uh, so the technology that we have been able to to create over the course of the the progress of of uh" of the of economic complexity and stuff, that shouldn't be thrown away, but right now we have to confront the fact that we have very little power over it, that it's almost entirely in the hands of capital, and that they are going to use it in the short term to maximize their control over a increasingly untenable social space that is going to become harder and harder to govern through conventional political means as conditions deteriorate. and that is something we have to deal with, and I don't think you deal with it by getting rid of technology, I don't think you think that's that would work, you're not the e-walks, but it has to be reckoned with, all right guys, I'm gonna say good night, I hope you guys had a good time, I know I did, bye-bye.