 that was fast, it's usually not that fast, i make sure this is working, i got to watch this playstation commercial first to make sure. There we are, there's me, there's me on the line, me on line, good to thunk it, me online. sounds too complicated, that's what I used to think, hello, that day is okay, I guess, it was kind of muggy and overcast earlier, but then the sun came out, which was nice, I spending an evening out here now that it's nicer, I don't like being indoors. Yes, I'm going to teach you all to log off while you're on the computer and while I'm on the computer and while we're on all we while we are all on the computer, lo l, at the end of the day everybody just loves being on the computer. and who's to blame them? information, stimulation, all reachable with the touch of your fingers. all you have to do is hit your finger, you can get picked up and taken on the information super high way, by a digital Ed kemper who will cut your head off and put it in the trunk of his car when he goes to meet his parole officer. Shout out to the Home Matty Gats who uh is apparently doubling down on the idea that his that he has an adopted cuban uh son, which is pretty funny, and you know what, if it's all true, sure, I would believe that too, why am I gonna disbelieve anything could happen in this world? I mean, yes, it doesn't seem likely, it seems more likely that some sort of weird perverted deal, especially given gats background, but you know what, wouldn't it be weirder if it was true, and isn't the best understanding of this current moment that the weirder the truer, so maybe he's 100% right, and he did adopt a cuban boy who he has now raised, who was also part of the house page program and who he referred to only previously as his helper, i do like the idea that that he did have this son who he kept separate from politics, you know, for maybe for virtuous reasons, you don't want, especially since he's an unmarried man, people would raise eyebrows, he was like, no, I'm going to save my beautiful young nephew son hector from this nester from the slings and arrows of the outraged internet mobs and the slooths and the investigative journalists in the fake news media, and that all it takes is one bad. trip where he gets owned for not having a a non-white child uh to go like actually no i do and here he is uh either way it's funny you you win no matter what even if it's as stated and nothing he's saying is not true it's still hilarious this is my son and partner hwfield that's funny my sound and helper prosperous little business now i would i would like to see uh Matdy Gats could be the president, I can see that happening, I definitely have more faith in any of those weird mutant congressmen than any of these nerd senators who are supposed to be synthesizing Trumpm into a coherent ideology, like anyone in America gives a fuck about coherent ideologies. Nestern polix, yes, they're going to be in uh face off too, which has to take place in Florida. uh China India is pretty fuck pretty pretty pretty wacky huh hand-to-hand combat on a giant uh gorge people fallen in like it like fucking temple of doom hitting each other with like metal studded rebar or something. wild. Einstein famously said that, I don't know what World War 3 will be fought, what weapons world war 3 will be fought with, but I know that World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones. It turns out, nope, World War 3 also sticks and stones. Awesome. I would love that, you know, uh, buse obviously the conveyor belt for uh economic growth in both India and China has broken, so their hope of like a... social conflict through economic expansion is over, so why not just have a giant fucking brall? why not just do a gangs in New York style showdown with like a million guys on each side and see who wins? you kill fewer civilians and it'd be way more entertaining for everyone else. well in. has announced that soldiers died, I mean China is real is always close fist, close chested with information, so who knows how many Chinese guys died, I wouldn't be surprised if it was only Indians to died though, the Chinese military is a little more formidable than the Indian generally, but uh, making Indians mad at China instead of uh Muslims is probably good for their... domestic muslim population, although you think that they could bond over their similar treatment, it's like, hey, you guys put yours in camps and we linch ours, come on, why, what is our what, what, what are we really fighting about here, but i don't think it'll amount to anything, i mean the fact that it's literally hand, in combat indicates that there's some awareness of the the risk of escalation and that nobody's nobody's tipping over into it, so remember one that Indian Pakistan we're gonna go to war like a year ago, this stuff's not going to happen until it happens uh and when but no man knows the hour of the day of that. that wasn't a year ago, all time has stopped to mean anything, we're just in one eternal presence, that's an interesting question, at what age did you become yourself? uh, I don't know if anyone has ever themselves, I don't know if a self, I mean a self isn't a real thing obviously, the self is an illusion, the self is a momentary uh delusional uh coping with the exist, the fact of your accumulated memories or whatever and experiences, all that shit in your head, but you you imagine that that's itself, but it isn't really, i guess the question is like when did i become self-directed as opposed to just just going with the flow. i don't know if i ever have, i mean i'm trying to get there, but i'm not sure if i'm if i'm there yet or if i will get there, i would say that the grill-pilled uh attitude towards death is that death is not. black, it's it's not blackness, it's not like the end of sopranos, it's it's it's not a light turning off, it's a like going on, it's it's recommuning with the entirety of existence of which you are inextricably bound and which you are a part of, but which you falsely think that you're separated from for the the period of your life, and then you go back. Virgil should be back um I think I think he's he's back now uh I mean obviously it's provationary because we haven't talked to him in a while so but uh he was good on the show on Monday so for now he's back, i would love to do another wifely solitude, i love a good uh, i love a good drawing room, romance, another good oscar wild repov. somebody got mad at me for saying that Ohio is Serbia because they were insisting that Ohio is Germany and they have one strong piece of evidence in their favor and that is that Germany and Ohio are both weird in that they tend to they avoid the tendency to have one very large city and then a bunch of smaller ones and that they have a bunch of medium sized cities and no one. big one which is the way which is also true of Germany and which contrasts it with the rest of western Europe uh but I'm sorry uh you can't get at that bulcing animosity without uh without Ohio being Serbia. Matt have I ever taken have you ever taken psychodelics uh yeah yeah I think and I have. i don't think i've done dmt, somebody gave me something like they said was TMt, but i don't think it was, i've had ego death before, but not through dmt, and i'll tell you that's something, having your... having your consciousness dissolve, having your awareness of your corporal form be uh completely removed and then slowly reconstituting yourself at like an atomic level, you feel like Dr. Manhattan, uh, only at the end of it you don't have a giant blue penis, which honestly if you're not going to have that why even bother. No, I know you don't need to have drugs for ego death, obviously, but it certainly makes it easier for a western subject to do that, because it's like the type of focus and presence of mind necessary to transcend you know the moment that you're in is very hard to cultivate. I'm trying to meditate, yeah, I'm I'm not really getting any better. at it uh, just in terms of you know being able to kind of clear space if I had, but I want to do more, I would like to like do a with other people, you know, in some way, but right now I just still feel like I'm stuck in this weird limbo where it's like the the the quarantine seal has been broken, but the the illness certainly isn't gone and people are still aware of it and public gatherings are weird, I don't know. this whole moment just feels so odd, so singularly weird, like everything at once and then nothing also, I did see that from. Trump owned uh owned wandito by calling him the betadoric of Venezuela, which honestly I think we might have done some point, he might be a listener to the show. The tracksuit is uh, is still there, but it's warmer now. I wear the tracksuit because it was the spring and it was chilly, but now it's it's it's warm. I always got to keep minimal layers during anything after mid May due to just... overwhelming sweating issues uh, the beautiful Venezuela generals, he love them too much, I don't want to go and kill those generals, look at. beautiful they are, i do like that bolton wrote this whole book to try to discredit trump as a idiot uh delitant, he's not serious about foreign policy, but all that's coming out of it that anyone cares about is his hilarious just dumb ass anecdotes where he's getting horny for one guidito's wife or something uh which is as should be, because his laziness and lack of vision on foreign policy is one of his blessings, one of the few things that are good about him relative to the average American president, the on john thing was very funny, you can imagine him trying to score with like tiffathy amber theeson in the early 90s with that move. Yeah, Brazil is, Brazil is, Brazil is the America of a latin America, uh, Brazil is the America of Latin America, uh, France is the is the America of Europe, Turkey is the America of the Middle East, still not sure the America of Asia is, that was a little tougher. No, no, no, no, no, uh, Brits, people say what should be the Brits should be the America of the UK and they are fat and stupid like we are, but they don't have that messionic nationalism that we have, they lost that after World War II, we the French have a vision of themselves and a vision of their country that is very similar to ours in terms of it's it's delusional uh narcissism. India is probably the United States of Asia, yeah, but it it breaks down there because you've got you, it's a difference between the the the colon uh, it's development different, like development levels and stuff are are different, it's harder to compare, Italy is like us, but like us in the future, Italy is future America, after it's completely broken down and all of the residual uh uh all the residual uh civic religious stuff is just been completely obliterated and it's pure gangsterism, and we're certainly on that trajectory, it won't be long, but I think there's still a few more years where we're still friends. man, the mask thing in uh, the mask shit is so amazing, i mean when you see the way that that got turned into a culture war instantly, uh, it really does tell you that there is no chance for this polity called the United States to solve any problem, i mean unless, unless you really do believe there's some sort of demographic destiny and all the old people dying and and and the younger people being less tribalistic and and tv. but I don't know if that's if there's any reason real reason to believe that uh but it certainly indicates that there's absolutely no there's no solving anything because because people can't agree on even what the problem is and and not even talking about in abstract terms in terms of like a concrete crisis moment like a fucking viral uh pandemic so now you've got mandated masks in California but then the governor of uh Oklahoma i guess is telling coup cities that they won't get uh state money to combat coronavirus if they mandate masks so it's it's fun, it's like the five obstructions with federal government, with - with city governance, here good luck, but i think it's because uh, i mean why would we have any kind of unified understanding? of anything, every force in our cultures is towards towards not just atomization, so but atomization, epistemically, atomization of point of view, whatever, one of those one of those corn states, corn and fossil fuels, nebraska, there you go, the one that's uh, the one that's governed by one of the guys who wants the cubs, but my my idea that like China the United states are going to come together into some sort of weird political union, it's it's premised on the notion that there is a there is a enduring global marketplace i guess and a global economy and a global elite because if that's the case and and a maintain in a global capitalist system, if that's the place you're going to have to start finding more and more points of uh efficiency to to focus on in order to make up the loss of profit from the general decline. of the rate, and that's going to mean replacing the competitive state framework between two big chunks, two big huge economies, world's two big economies that essentially work interdependently one another in practice, but are politically separated, that creates a whole bunch of inefficiencies that overtime are going to become less viable if they want to maintain a capitalism, so there's going to have to be some sort of free trade uh framework between the two countries. and that can only work where in a situation where there's been a some sort of political um modity, the only alternative to that would be some sort of war between the United States and and China, which is not impossible, I guess, but uh, seems to be much less likely, the big thing that just concerns me, not even about China, it's just, I mean, we're going to see half a million dead from COVID within a year, right? I think that's pretty assume now. and that just doesn't happen, you know, like you don't just forget about it, you might even think you forget about it, you might stop talking about it, but the reality of that many deaths doesn't go away, and the need for someone to pay for it doesn't go away either, and if there isn't some sort of conflict with an outside force that we can blame this on, China being the number one culporate, and I don't think there will be, uh, then we're all going to take it out on each other, that's the only alternative. I think the way that you become unblack pilled is to one detach yourself from the certainty, your certainty of how things are gonna end, because you don't know, nobody knows, sir shit, nobody on the internet knows, I don't know, no man knows the hour of the day, and the reality of that is freeing, uh, and of course the other part is finding things in your life to try to build around as opposed to trying to wishcast into the future about uh about what politics are going to look like in five years or whatever because there's no way to know and all all fixating on a a doom outcome does is give you permission not even to stop thinking about it that's the worst part about the whole black thing, if blackpill meant, oh yeah, I'm just going to stop talk, thinking about politics and just like live my life, that would probably be more, that would be better for people than what they do, which is that they organize their life around this sort of doom concept, that they're not doing anything about, like how many black peel people are preppers, how many black peel people are significantly trying to figure out a way to you know have a uh to survive some sort of coming apocalypse or have made the... choice that things go to hell, i'm just going to kill myself, i don't think most of them do, i think what they do is they use it as a as an ad-hock justification for anything, uh, but what that usually ends up being is self-indulgence in a self-destructive way, i think having a kid, honestly people ask about having kids, i think having a kid is a good uh antedote to the to to black pilling because you have someone you have to be there for and you have someone you have to imagine a future for, and people have had children in every condition possible in this world now and in the past, and assuming that you can't bring someone into this world is is once again assuming a degree of forsight that is foolhearty, you you can't know things that that closely, you you can't have any kind of assurity of what's going to happen. and even if it happens, the idea that there's going to be some sudden apocalyptic calling of human life seems very unlikely, all of all the scenarios that seems like the least likely we want. and so in the meantime you have to live and denying yourself essential parts of life to prevent some future calamity from happening will only ensure that your life is stunted. has there ever been a realistic uh oh this is a good one actually this this i can say something i want to think more on uh has there ever been a realistic and satisfying solution to nepotism? Uh, okay, this is something that Pacunin said, Pucunen suggested, and I'm always with Marx over Bacunin in their conflicts, mostly because Marx was speaking from the the mid-19th century, and Bacunen being from Russia was speaking from like the 16th century, but Bacunen's insight that inheritance is one of the foundational uh pillars of. under capitalism is absolutely true, and if you can't if you couldn't abolish capitalism, which I think you could, uh, the only way you can make it work in any way like it's supposed to in any of the schemes and theories of of pro-capitalist ideologis is if you abolish inheritance completely in every way, like you cannot transfer any money or property or capital of any kind to your kids. or anybody, you don't get to pick, you die, it all goes to the state, all property, all money goes to the state on your death, and the funny thing is is you can't really argue against that on any kind of liberty grounds, because you have free liberty to make as much money as you want, uh, once you're dead, the idea that you get to carry out, that the state should carry out orders on behalf of a dead guy regarding like the disp of huge amounts of capital, that's absurd. so if you wanted to get rid of nepotism uh without abolishing capitalism, good first step would be just making it impossible for people to inherit, wouldn't that lead to people spending all their money before? they died, okay, what's wrong with that? builds the economy? what you don't have is you don't have generational wealth being transferred, you don't have people able to rest on their parents pile of money to be able to uh, explore creative endeavors, like that's why all the holly everyone in Hollywood now when any kind of position of creative prominence is somebody's kid. because the only people can afford the risk of attempting to do an artistic life are people who have backup, have a lot of money to to fall back upon, and if you didn't have that, then maybe it would be less reproducing of of uh of wealth the way it is now. exactly, it would be basically legislating the veil of ignorance, and if you're going to do you, liberal capitalism, you need to do something like that to even come close to approximating the way that this system is supposed to work, the way that the the relationship between an employer and employee is supposed to be an equal uh negotiation, which of course is a hilarious fraud because of the existing debt ledgers everyone carries around with them, they are passed. from generation to generation, they would have to be wiped, eternally wiped, but that is not going to happen, uh, and honestly just get rid of capitalism. Why do the British people get mad when their slebs dodge taxes and we don't. Well, the important thing to remember is it doesn't change anything that they get mad about it. How hot are the Venezuelan generals? I haven't actually taken a look. I haven't taken a look at any of the handsome Venezuelan generals, I'm going to take a look. All right, I'm going to see some Venezuela. in generals here, oh and by the way, then the other thing that goes with all of that money being taken at death is that there are uh, instead of inheritance there is a fucking safety net, so the idea that oh, somebody who is in the prime of urban years dies and their family is left without it. anything? no, it just wouldn't be provided by this this clan, essentially clan style of of resource hording be administered by an agreed upon framework. all right, does anybody know any uh venezuelan generals i could look up because all right? i'm going to the wikipedia page for the Venezuela. All right, uh, it looks like the guy in charge is Vladimir Padrino Lopez, going to take a look at him, yeah, he's not that bad looking, uh, kind of, he's got the silver panther uh, sort of a George Klooney thing, and like an a less attractive cluny, he's okay, I don't think he's handsome as our generals, I'll tell, I'll say you that, I think our generals are much more attractive. and then there's admiral romigo sabalo so let's check him out or Sabeo rather he kind of looks like Curtis Sliwa uh he's all right I mean I got to say I've seen more handsome generals not gonna lie I've seen handsomer generals in with Venezuela's working with there no jo sestack, i'll say that, but then again the admirals always were more handsome than the generals. i'm going to get yelled at now for saying that the venezuelan generals aren't that hot. i'm betraying critical solidarity with the venezuelan, bolevarian revolution by not saying that their generals are the hottest of all time. I don't know why amber mentioned the ho chunk, I was surprised by it as well, uh, in Wisconsin, you know what, uh, what native American tribes live there by... what casinos are there? buse there's anony casino in Milwakee, there's hochump casino in northern Wisconsin, there's a few more. even though half most of the town names are uh named native words, you don't learn a lot about them, let's just say that. people keep asking when b's going to announce his vp pick, but they... generally don't do it historically until right before the convention, so it'll be a while if they if they stick with that. i've never been to foxwoods, no, i've been to the manony casino in uh in Milwaaky though, played bingo there. Yes, lock to flambo. Camala, I think, I think, I think Kamala is the safe choice, so that's probably who they're gonna go with, because they're looking at those poles and they feel like they got this thing in the back, so they're going to do the uh lowest risk maneuver they can, and they'... and a presidential campaign vetted uh senator is a good one, even though nobody likes her, she doesn't excite anybody, just like kim, Tim Kane, they figure they don't need that, and honestly they might be right, I mean the the way things are looking now, I really don't see barring a complete collapse by Biden and in like physical and mental, which I think they're going to keep him zapped up on enough anti-coagulands and uh given him like ground-up rhinohorn and adrenachrome and and the donkey tranquilizers that he will make it through, although I do kind of think that he will not debate Trump, I'm I, I still kind of have a have... have a feeling that there's no way we get the Trump Biden race that we all want, or the Trump Biden debate that we all want, so I was for a while thinking that Trump wouldn't debate Biden, but I think he will, because hey, sleepy Joe, it'd be great to own him. Biden, I think has a real danger about, what if he has like a pants shit moment, what if he has a a real wool gathering, like stockdale in 92 thing where he just kind of clips out, that could genuinely risk him, so maybe they figure out a way. to say we're not debating Trump, we're not going to platform this fascist, like think about that, if Biden said in September, we're not going to debate because we don't want to platform this uh, this fascist monster, how would the how would the media respond to that? they would say he's right, because how can you argue after having spent four years making that argument about platforming, how do you say that he's wrong, especially if you're rooting for him, you don't, he would get, he would get off, he would get a media reprieve for being the first pres president. candidate since uh, i think Nixon to refuse to debate. All I know is there's no way we get it, there's no way we get a great debate like that, either they switch him out somehow because he's he's literally dying, or or he cancels them, I just can't imagine, I guess, oh god, there's one more even worse option, one more even more depressing option, and honestly now I'm thinking it's more even likely than that is that they do debate and it sucks, they have a debate. and it's just boring, they both read from the prompters, they hit their quees, none of them go off on tangents, none of them start really riffing on cornpop or hanging out with Cheryl Teegs at the model cafe, and it's it's just another political uh debate, that would be the uh, and that would be the grimmest possible outcome, and that's why that's why I think it's probably going to happen, more likely. anything and that's why we're not going to get the the the sons debate as much as that would be amazing trump Don Jr. versus Hunter that would be that would be truly transcendent. Maybe in four years when Don Jr runs for president and then maybe Hunter can run against him, because we know Biden's only gonna do one term, maybe he anoints his son as a successor like he wanted to do with Bo, maybe he just says fuck it, he's 82 years old, he just lears it up and goes, here we're giving it to... We're giving all that shit to uh, we're giving the patrimonie to hunter, that would be great, that would be wonderful, we would love to see it, I don't think they're going to, I don't think the the election will be postponed, I just don't think that it will be have popular legitimacy, and people say, well that happened in 2002, but in 2000 we were. at the end of the 90s boom, the tech bubble hadn't even burst yet, there were no conditions for anybody to do anything other than kind of mutter vaguely that that was bullshit, if that happened now in the middle of what will still be happening which will be pandemics and and civil unrest, i don't know what happens, but there is a chance everyone's just too tired, but everyone's too tired to give a shit about an election. because their concerns have transcended the theater of politics and politics has become fused with their daily lives. is George Saunders a liberal? probably, I think so, yeah, I think most writers are, most artists are the ones who aren't nazis. It's fine, very good though, I like his work a lot. what happen, yeah, what happens if turn out is less than 50%, which I think could very well happen, uh, nothing, although Virgil, we'll be talking in an episode soon about this, Virgil is is very convinced that there's going to be like a big surgeon turn out uh, in November, uh, because all all the people who who are sort of constitutionally liberal or left or anti-republican who... kind of tuned out in 2016 are going to fucking like make voting this time a priority uh and you know maybe i have no idea. i have i have given up prognostication on that that kind of thing. we'll probably talk more about the senate because the senate is pretty interesting. got a lot of tossups. and I think it would be pretty pretty funny if Biden one in a landslide, got back the senate and then did nothing in the middle of a in the middle of a great depression level like... collapse like extended unemployment for an extra six weeks or something and that's it, other than that he's the hunger chancellor. I'm I'm glad Booker is doing what better than uh McGrath and I hope he beats her, but mostly just so that in the unlikely event that you have some sort of massive wave election, an unprecedented big surge, which once i like I said is not unheard of and not impossible that McConnell could lose, and in that situation you want a better person, then Mcgrath certainly to be the potential beneficiary of that. people keep saying they're not going to extend anything past July, but I really don't think they're going to let that happen and an election year, because at the end of the day these people are politicians, and the money is free money, right? there's no real extending unemployment, extending the checks, it's not really other than like in in a vague sense of offending uh uh sort of in offending like the moris. of of the the the the the the manners of Washington and their weird fixation on deficits and stuff, uh, it's not actually going to cause any real conflicts and it's going to be what the business community is going to want, because you need to have fucking consumer base to having a consumer economy, so people need money, and you can just print more, there's no inflation right now, so the idea that they're just going to say, no, we're not going to extend anything at the end of july. and we're going to precipitate after we've already seen this massive wave of uh of civil unrest now, just doesn't seem, i don't understand what would stop it from happening, and the only thing people have been able to tell me is well they want to make some sort of evil cruel point, no, they want to get reelected, and the their bosses want to make money, and that's going to depend on their still being united states, which might not happen if you stop paying people in July with a covid once again out of control. what they're going to do though is they're going to wait until the very last minute to do it, they're not going to do it until until it's the midnight up so that it's on their terms. anyway, maybe i'm wrong on that, but i just don't see what would be the the material intercession that would prevent them from just cutting more checks to keep the economy from completely collapsing. i mean it's a fucking. here, i mean, they still want to get reelected, you know, yeah, exactly, july 31st at 11:58, they'll like put through more checks because they don't want anybody get used to it, the world is both incredibly boring and incredibly exciting, absolutely. because we're in a moment of deep crisis and we recognize the crisis and we're all in awe of seeing varities that we taken for granted our entire lives crumble before our eyes, but the lived experience of that is looking at a fucking screen for most people, that's weird. their base will yell at them, they love money, everyone loves money, the base doesn't give a shit, no one gives a shit on the right wing, no one gives a shit at all about the deficit, no actual conservatives except for like a few cranks, certainly nobody, nobody in government and very few people who vote actually care about that. deficits and the only people who actually care about deficits are democrats, because the way you know what people believe in is how they act, and democrats in power cut cut uh cut budgets, republicans in power spend, because republicans don't really believe in deficit, the deficits are bad or to be avoided or have any kind of long-term bad effect on the economy, and i think the reason for that is that republicans also believe in in this country more, as in they believe in the endurance of American military and political influence and economic and and industrial and all that, they believe that America will never not be the first among equals of world powers and as long as that's the case, there really is no danger of some sort of uh debt crisis in America, because who's going to call it in, on behalf of whom? as long as America is the dollar denomination for uh, the dollar's denomination for the world energy economy, and as long as the US military is the garantore of market stability everywhere. in the world, there's going to be absolutely nobody to tell us we can't borrow money anymore, because if we need it, then that means this country needs it to stay up, to stay open and they need the country to stay open, and they and and republicans believe that deeply, that's part of the armature of their ideology that America is this enduring internal creature, uh, they lie and say otherwise because you know they they want to game it to their advantage and they want to use it as an excuse to... not fund social programs, to maintain wealth disparities. Democrats on the other hand, I think are more skeptical of America's enduring role in the world, and they think there is a, there is a situation where these deaths could get called in, and so you should be worry about running up too much. What's going to happen when massive hurricanes start destroying the east coast in a few months? is that how do you say something like that with total confidence? no wonder you people are fucking blackpilled, you've all convinced yourself of things are going to happen, like fucking meteorology, are you fucking kidding me? i mean obviously climatology is like a science, but like who the fuck knows what kind of fucking hurricane season we're going to have? you just like, yes. the entire east coast is going to be destroyed by hurricanes in three months. how the fuck do you know? you're just telling the stuff to yourself so you can what get off on it or something or excuse why you're ordering taco bell for the fourth day in a row. okay, the forecast is an above average hurricane season. all right, how does that correspond to east coast destroyed by hurricanes? are those comments? concepts, i just think that that's very indicative of the general black pill concept, you you extrapolate wildly from current conditions without knowing what future conditions are going to inter, how future conditions are going to interceed, buse things are never, the thing the moment you're imagining is going to have things in it that you can't, you cannot predict by definition, because it's a future, all those things are here. now and they're going to determine it, but nobody knows, because nobody has perfect knowledge, maybe someday you'll have an algorithm that will tell you every every element that goes into every decision, you'll have a perfect model of the universe, you'll have mintaculous and you can make a million dollars in the stock market every minute and uh and you can you can become you can have the oculus infernum from 13 ghosts and just see the facts and the future and everything, but for now that does not exist. If I had five minutes with Trump alone, what would I do with him? I'd probably make out with him, he would freak out, it'd be hilarious, and I could get freaking cheeto dust in my beard. The worst job I ever had was uh one I had briefly I worked for a company that would contract to do um inventory. for real uh retail stores they would set up a thing where there's a like bar codes on all the products and you would have to run all of them on a barcode reader and then it would tell you how many of uh x y z uh products they have in stock it was really bad for my bad back i have a pretty i have like a herniated disc that's like the size of a fucking uh catchers bit and it really really died the number on my back i had to quit. actually cuz it was, i would come home and i couldn't move, regis, yes it was regius, that was it, yep. Rgis baby, oh man, bar code satanism is so cool, that the movie naked talks about that, David Thulas has a whole thing where he talks about the the the barcode thing. I don't, the whole the whole revelation seems so cute now, that was that was literally millenniary movement, like the whole left behind evangelical. notion, does anybody believe that anymore? do even evangelicals believe that anymore? i don't know, best jam i've ever had, well what do you think? being a freaking podcast, i'm sure they still believe that stuff even. but it certainly doesn't seem like it has as much of a cultural uh imprint as it used to. I honestly don't even think Trump would contest the election. I mean did you see that tweet where he said or that interview where he said they asked him what if he loses and he says uh you know probably goes to something else he doesn't like being president I mean that's clear if he hasn't out I think he would take it. is the question is whether supporters would accept it and at that level the question isn't really like his supporters is an aggregate group because they're mostly lazy suburbanites, i mean like are there any state governors we're gonna kind of try to take a mantle of denying the uh the legitimacy of the election because these guys can control uh national guards and stuff that would be interesting. see all right, someone says yeah. I unless sure about extended unemployment, I think it's philosophical, nope, nope, philosophical, shmilosophical, they want to make money, all the ideology stuff is is is treles, it's all, it's all uh, it's trellaus, it's ivy, it's it's decorative, you can't make money if there's no economy, and we're all... seeing an uptick in the unemployment now even after the the bounceback uh and the degree to which spending is completely correlating to uh access to this federal money means that it's absence especially in a time when you've lifted uh protections for renters and stuff like that, i just don't see this percentage in it, i guess is my say, i think anybody who's talked. about these things ideologically and says oh this goes against x y or z principle is missing the point they don't have principles Yeah, see that's the thing, as somebody points out is that restaurants that we're opening are now closing again, not because of any or stay at a home order, but because everyone's getting sick uh, and that's going to keep happening, and even the even the even the psychic rupture of the of the quarantine mindset isn't. change that, where would I like to live in if not here? I've said before, but I think Pitsburg would be cool. Maine is nice. Northern Wisconsin, my my home state is very pretty. Syracuse is terrible, I'll keep that in mind, I do not hate the soul, it all became a joke because southerners got too demanding about us coming there, that then we decided to troll them, it is too warm for me, I will say that, the south is too humid for me to be there for any extended amount of time, he made it. is my nemesis in life, pens the position northwest is nice, but there's that fault line kind of freaks me out a little bit, florida is one of those states where i honestly cannot believe anyone even ever goes with their own volition, absolutely baffling me, just the air dense and thick slabs of of condensed hot water that you're just kind of swimming through, t-shirt shops, palm trees, everything that was naturally beautiful, just buldos under to create subdivisions for dying uh old people, grim, grim, no thank you, palmedo bugs flying. cockroaches, no thank you, check please, matt gats, no thank you, rick Scott, good lord, you guys are fucking elected skeletor to that governor and senator, come on, Yerts are cool, I've I've gone to, I've I've rented a yert a couple times and I got to say, the yurt is a good is a good, those mongols knew what they were doing, so it's a good way to, it's a good way to chill, now okay, they might say they might reduce the amount of money they give people, I wouldn't be surprised at all if they did that uh and then see if it's enough and if it isn't throw some more, but I can see them definitely like... tacking back on the amount that they give uh, but it there's still gonna have to be another, there has gonna have to be another tranch of dispersed moneys, i have not eaten an olive garden in a very long time, olive garden is really actually terrible, i'll stand for a number of the of of of chain family restaurants and darden group restaurants, texas roadhhouse isn't bad, outback's outback's okay, um Red lobster is pretty good, I mean especially if you're not close to the coast, it's not bad, uh, chilis fine, applebees okay, but olive garden is dreadful, the only good thing at olive garden are like the fucking calamari and the breadsticks, that's it, the idea of eating an entire plate, like an entre an olive garden, genuinely nausiating. like i that's one of those situations where i would have to be paid to go there cuz yeah i could have apps at all garden but i am not sitting before a plate of their pasta oh god the portions are so big oh boy i'm getting nausious just thinking about it and i haven't even eaten dinner yet well if the account is in an unstoppable death spiral then what are you doing in your house i guess and that's a question i should ask myself, what are any of us doing? i am cooking a little bit, i'm grilling certainly perkins is definitely better than denny's, but i'm going to admit even as a midwesterner, waffle house is better than either, waffle house is by far the best of the regional diner chains. they got they got the thing is they got the gravy you know and he can get it on the hash browns and anyway you want nobody else can compare him poor bill oakley i would love to talked to him again, but he's been having to just like eat food that people made him and make his own burgers since quarantine. what see this is what i think is most likely to happen right here, what if things just sort of plateau and even the perpetual weirdness is absorbed into malais, that's what's going to happen until it can't happen anymore, and that's what i talk about, that's what. you can't be blackpilled or anything, because we are clearly in a in a critical decline phase of the American experiment, there's no question about that, but those decline phases can last a very long time and they can end very abruptly or they can sort of be soothed out, like the cycles of of uh of modern historical empires that have lost their their preeminence like the Dutch and the British, the Spanish, they did not involve. a wholesale like uh collapse of the polity that they originated in, you know, but they um, but they also were not the point of a global market, which the United States is for the first time, uh, and that's the difference, but I, I, I, all you can do is is is look after the moment, look at what's around you, uh, I said this on the jackimin uh stay at home thing I did yesterday with Amber about the internet, but I wanted to run this guy by you guys, this this metaphor I thought of, political activism, the act of like trying to create a new political world in this country, trying to be a socialist, um, it's like building a ship. Right, everybody comes together and through the trial and error of doing it and with some with some uh blueprints you build a damn ship, you trim the you trim the keel, you you learn how to stand up the masks and all that stuff, uh, and at the end of it you have a boat that could go on the water and maybe get you somewhere. and what the internet does is the internet tells you that it's teaching you how to build a ship, you spend all that time on the internet thinking you're learning how to build a ship, but what you're not, that's not what you're doing, what you're actually doing is you're building a ship in a bottle, you're building a perfect little boat, little glass guy, totally intact, it's not like you learn how to, you know how to uh do one job. to make a boat, you learn how to make an entire boat, an entire ship, you're not just wearing like the one job you need to cooperatively learn to get a boat in the water, you're you're making an entire one, but it's it's a little tiny model, and and when it's time to go out into the world, you don't have a skill that can be applied to the task of building a ship, you have this ship in a bottle, everybody comes out of their houses and they're all there with their ships and bottles and what the hell do you do with those? you can't sail on those and that's it's just it's the it's the sacrifice of temporal context that makes it so hard to even know what's going on in the world when you're trying to construct a world out of the detritus of the internet is that you are you are idealizing you're creating ideal forms even if you don't know you're doing it and i've certainly done it and continue to do it because there's not a lot of alternatives and then you try to use those to navigate the world around you, but they're hermetic, and that's why as scary as the world is, the demand still exists to engage with it, because you can't outsmart it as much as the internet makes you think you can't. All right guys, I'm gonna go uh, I'll ask one answer one question before I go, what kind of crazy new deal public works project would you like to see, the obvious answer is trains and that's a good one, uh, but I don't know, maybe Zeppelin would be even more fun, zepplins. charging stations and and Zeplalin paths all the way across the country, a stately and refined way of travel through the skies, zero emissions, and it's less... uh infrastructurally intensive than building railroads would be, there we go, let's catch you on the flippy flop.