 I get angry and I will say that the day. is in my sits when i think about and say good night, have you kept your eyes, your eyes on your son, i really got problems and not the only one to win, you left you want to run, oh my, take a look now what your boy is done, he's walking around like he's one but one he went downtown and got in the gun so don't shoot. don't shoot shoot that thing at me don't shoot shoot shoot that thing at me you know you got my sympathy but don't shoot shoot shoot that thing at me don't shoot shoot shoot that thing at me don't shoot shoot shoot that thing at me you know you got my sympathy but don't shoot shoot shoot that thing at me hello everybody ah first time long time well tip of the cat to you sir or madam, although let's be real, let's let's just look at the demographics, where to cop? honestly i don't know, i got it on uh eBay, i think it might be original, and if it's if it is a knockoff, i don't think they make a lot, best part about this by the way, honestly no no joke, better than all the stuff on it, you know this, look at that lighting, huh, just a nice, how often do you see this kind of kind of nice orange? i feel like orange is a good color for me, might start wearing more orange. yeah, this is legitimately, i mean uh, probably the most expensive cloth piece of clothing i've ever purchased in my life, 100%. It wasn't that much either, but uh, I generally buy uh my clothes, when I live near a Croger, I bought my pants and stuff at Croger cuz they had good selection and it was where I was getting my uh my groceries, one stop shop and I have like 500 in my top is generally just I have 500 different old navy shirts that all cost $3 and yes, slave labor, all of it, but this bubby. I have a i have mic plugged in, not good, how's that? not good cuz sometimes it doesn't connect, turn the volume up, is that better? okay, good i sound fine, uh, yes, it was made by the prisoners of conneir, this thing, yep, Oh yeah, I just grew up from a place where you wouldn't want to spend a lot of clothing on money on clothing, it just wasn't done, maybe girls, but certainly not guys, I don't know what girls were doing cuz mysterious round, oh man, Matt Carp, I would like to do an app about with Matt Carp soon. uh, we wanting to talk to him on the show about Benjamin Butler for a while, who I think is a fascinating figure, uh, so Benjamin Butler uh, before the civil war was a uh, was a northern democrat, like in the dough face mold, he was a, he was a guy who uh, was part of the the urban machinery in Massachusetts of the democracy, of Danbeeren and Jackson's democracy that was. broadly up until the very end of the sectional crisis uh all about uh turning the other way towards slavery, turning a blind eye towards slavery in exchange for the support of the uh southern tier which was largely uh was was hegemonically democratic at that point so they didn't like rocking the boat on slavery and they didn't much care for abolitions either uh and then he became a politically appointed general meaning he was not a career officer. he was a guy who had political influence and uh was got a commission in the union military due to that connection and that was a common feature of both arms armies uh and then he was one of the first general one of the first union generals uh to uh free slaves in places where his forces uh uh took command uh ahead of the emancipation proclamation had to he actually had to be repremanded for doing it uh but it was a war measure it was like we need we need ditches dug we need xy and z here's some slave for slaves well now the... work for us, perfect, uh, it wasn't really ideological, but it was in advance of policy, which at that point was to not spook the border states by uh, freeing slaves, where they were found. the other guy incidentally who did that and got in trouble for, it was John C Friemont, who had been the republican, who was the kind of free bootaneer uh uh, like uh professional adventurer who had been the republican nominee in 19 1850. 6 and then Butler ended up being the governor of uh military governor of New Orleans once it was occupied during which time he was so outrageous to the good people the fine upstanding society types of New Orleans that his picture was emblason on the bottom of chamber pots so that people could literally shit on his face and uh they called him the beast and also spoons because he was alleged to have stolen the hell out of uh property from a lot of the big plan. informations and and and home um families if we and by the way he did and good who cares uh also uh he passed a uh proclamation that said that any southern woman any New Orleans woman who do not uh pay proper respect to union soldier uh on the street like because a lot of them were cursing uh the the Yankee troops and of course you know getting away with it because they were women and at that time even a soldier could not uh even raise his voice to a woman in public uh and so Butler declared that any woman do not respect the union soldier uh in the city of New Orleans would be treated as a prostitute as in could be you know accosted and taken to jail uh and so that's and then he after the war this is a really interesting part is that the experience of fighting the war radicalized him the way it did a lot of people he's just sort of almost most prominent example of someone who was radicalized by the experience of fighting the war. he started the war as a as a northern uh dough face who like a lot for who who for like him for a lot of those guys uh didn't really care about slavery but for whom breaking up the union was just not negotiable which was also true of Stephen Douglas like who's the exemplar of that tendency within the party at the very end and then he go he fights the war. and comes out a radical republican and he was the radical republican member of congress uh after the war who who pushed very hard for uh black equality and in fact uh coined the phrase the bloody shirt to uh by holding up an actual bloody shirt of someone who had been attacked by uh by a red shirt redeemer in the reconstruction south uh as a calomny against the democrats although it wasn't really calimny because they were in fact doing that and condoning it all across the se but a very fascinating figure and his career, i think like speaks to, it speaks to just how much of a of a furnace of change of a hothouse the 1860s were in this country, the way that social ferment was, the way that the social the glacial social tectonics just sort of liquidified like you would have during an earthquake. Yeah uh James Long Street became a republican after the war, which is why he's not very heavily featured in lost cause shit even though it was one of the better generals and of course was the guy who knew that the fucking pickach charge wasn't going to work because it wasn't 1812 anymore you dumb hick uh yeah he was he was he was he was a scaliwag not a carpet bagger it's amazing I remember learning about reconstruction and that was just the name of the chapter, it's like, okay, so these are the scumbags who came to the south and fucked it up after the civil war, these are the traiters to their people among the whites and these are the uh, among the locals and these are the uh, the the the crooked uh, yankee interloopers from the north. Yeah, 1867 project, why not? Keeping it 1867, Robert Lafalet, I only really know anything about him because he's from Wisconsin, he's sort of our uh our our our long family is the lafalis, and they are base basically like the scrubbed up uh middle class version of the longs, whereas populism, but you know let's not get too crazy, is populism for uh college professors, which is why one of the big components of the wisconsin idea, lafalet champion was a very, very lavishly funded public higher education system, which may is one of the reasons that until recently, i don't know what it has been under walker, but until recently the UW system is one of the best state university systems in the country, but uh, they've been taking a pickaxed to it obviously for years and and walker really accelerated. Oh god these fucking the president saying oh we're all going to take the vaccine to prove it safe who what human being on earth who is skeptical of the vaccine would not be skeptical of a video of a of a fucking uh obama taking a vaccine how many of them would think that that was real? what reason would they give especially? when we have video tape of barfsackombo himself at flint after the water crisis was unveiled taking a big dramatic pull on a glass of flint tap water that in fact what's this oh he's not good about that but now he's definitely taking the vaccine that they put through uh you know in under they they they uh he's going to take the vaccine that was rush through development and you could say, well yeah, mostly that just means removing bureaucratic hurdles, yes, still, still, you think they're taking that chance, honestly, if they are, it's because there's already been a rich person cure for months, if not always, if it wasn't a bio weapon, i'm not saying it was, but it's not out of the realm of possibility, i mean how the hell does chuck grassly not even get symptoms, the man is 87'. years old, yeah, it's hard not to see all the vaccine shit is just is just bumping up the stock market for for a short-term liquidity boosts for these fucking jackles just trying the pump a little bit little bursts, the dog is barking again, dog didn't used to bark this much, maybe it's new. or maybe it's colder, i don't know, rubert murdock is buying twitch, amazon selling twitch to uh fox, well not fox, it's Disney owns fox, i guess newscore, that's crazy, oh thank you for saying my streams are the best. Oh god, we did watch Avengement, I can't believe somebody is bringing up Avengement, it's uh, this British crime movie, that was that's on Netflix, I watched it with Felix and Will, one of the funniest things I've seen in Will. uh, it's one of the most british things I've seen in a while, that's for sure. I mean, I'll probably take the vaccine. Who am I going to lie about? I mean, it's just like when when does anyone realistically think that's going to happen in such a time in in in a in terms of returning to some sort of normality that people are craving, like what is the time? frame there, because it seems like we really don't have the infrastructure or the public trust to carry out any kind of large scale vaccination program that could, i mean i used to think, well fine, you know, then you'll take it or you won't, but apparently that does it doesn't work that way, apparently you actually need people to take it on large scale in order to get the results in terms of infection, transmission reduction that would have facilitate reopening, so fine, that's not happening then. It would be interesting if uh like the vaccine like mandating vaccine use becomes a political issue beyond just the culture war one uh and you see you know. I get apparently what Biden wants to do and this is not very hard to imagine or not Biden, I forgot somebody else, maybe it was yang, I don't know, I honestly think this is what the lend was doing, some sort of financial incentive to get people to take it, like 75% according to a poll say they'll take it, but even if that's true and who knows, is that enough? one, and two, how do you get 75% of the people to get the vaccine in this fucking country? I'm not, I'm not going to stop the streams to do - the book because I got to read a lot first, I can't just start writing it now, and I want to go, I want to do it as a little book, oh, by the way, I've decided I am going to start reading uh, to the republic for which is sand, which is the Oxford English or I, it's the Oxford American history volume on that era uh and it's been very well reviewed uh and it's a good baseline to block build off. and uh I'll probably talk about it on the stream here and if people want to read along they can, it's called to the republic for which it stands, and it's about the uh reconstruction era, but also the guilded age, like the whole thing thorded together, then we can, I'm going to read fanner after that. I would love to give people pizza coupons for reading like book it, I remember book it, you get the little book, and it was easy for me because I was a little nerd, I loved reading, so I would go down there and I get my little personal pan on the weekly. somebody asked for my what my take is on the Kieven ruse and I think that's just funny because that's just such a hilarious question if you think about it like Kevin Roose what do you think uh scrappy hustlers the guys they wanted it more you can tell i'm wrong about domino's super thin crust uh I think you're afraid that you are wrong sir, so tamino super thin crust is delicious, I did like those little tiny pizzas, oh me closer tiny pizzas. Oh and I wanted to also give my final uh take now on Fargo, having watched the last uh full season, which hilariously is one episode longer than every other season, close the door on this whole idea, the TV is is the thing you should care about and for anything other than just pure entertainment, read a book, buse man, the uh the Olympian contempt for the audience that's in that show, pretty breathtaking. and if you're gonna say that that's good, why wouldn't they have contempt for you, you know, i did watch queen's gambit, it is a show story about it uh, a gamer girl and her simps, i mean i'm not the only one to have said that, but it's very hard uh to see it any other way, it's like a idealized version of uh of the relationship between uh a a a gamer, a lady gamer uh and her sims coming to together, not in a spirit of competition, but cooperative uh, and a cooperative endeavor to to stand her, do I have allergies? weird question, but yes, right, I got hay fever and then I got a pine nut allergy, that's developed in my like 30s too, which is very odd. just one day i went nate a pine nut my mouse started tingling very weird. It does inhibit my bestro salad options, it's true, and pesto, I always have to when I when there's pesto on the menu I have to make sure that there's not pine nuts in it, and actually a lot of time there aren't because pine nuts are pretty expensive, so a lot of times they cheap out, put almonds in there or something. is does that true that Game of Thrones got Rome cancelled? Because if that's true that's kind of poetic justice because Rome got Deadwood cancelled because Rome was going to have a huge budget and they essentially said we'd rather spend it on these these uh Roman sets than on the deadwood set and then they just shot poor David Milch's horse in the head much like the horses whose heads they shot. uh during this filming of luck and so if it's true that then it's like hey sorry we're making we're making middle earth sets you got to go so that makes sense that they would get rid of rome that way i mean rome was i only watched the first season i didn't really like it that much the the only character i found really compelling every time they were on screen was caesar and so when they killed him i was like why do i have to watch the second season i don't like octavian is a little piss and fuck him, also apparently in the second season they collapse the timeline of like the whole uh like the collapse the triumber and like the war of the first the war the civil war with like Octavian or I mean with Britis and and uh Mark Anthony and then the war between uh Octavian and and Mark Anthony and Cleopatra, whatever. I had to work in a hard science, what would I pick? uh, well, I would be a janitor that, because I don't, my brain doesn't work that way, if my brain did work that way, I think it's physics, physics seems cuuse it's the most like, but not the math thing, I can't do math, so there is the whole thing goes apart, what's the one where you don't have to do math, I don't know. Yeah, it's all math, no thanks. Yeah, I mean, I've got my, I've got the immortal science, of course, of course I have the immortal science, but that doesn't require any math, beyond uh, CMC, music factory, somebody's had to have had that. the twitter uh name right, cmc music factory, disgusting, all right, i'm pissed at it and i don't even know if it exists, it's too bad that all the cool 19th century sciences aren't aren't around anymore, like i would love to be a phronologist, that sounds wonderful to have a chart with a bunch of bumps and be like, ah okay, let me just take this, and i put here and the hemisphere here, this is this corresponds to uh, shiftlessness, easy, those body and body language experts seem like they're having a good time, handwriting analysis, that's another good one that's still around, that's not real. What is my most prominent humor? I think it's flagmatic. I got to be honest with myself, I think I'm flagmatic. flagmatic, there you go. how do you - sorry. there's no gen flagmatic fuck off sounds like you're just trying to trick people, english language just exists to trick people, it's fucked up, flamatic. see you're saying oh it's like flem flem doesn't have a g right but kijote is pronounced quixonic so just the fact that that's the thing it's coming from doesn't mean that's how you're supposed to say it. No, it's quicksotic, I've been, I've been gasled on that, it is not kihotic, I'm sorry, have I read Eduardo Galiano, I've read uh nazi poets in the Americas, which was good, but that's it. I haven't read 2066 or anything or no that's Balanho, no I have not read Bolanho, that's a different guy, I'm trying to keep my humors uh, I'm trying to keep my humors balance. like to be sanguin though, i think that's the best one, evola, that's a weird question, evola, uh, the only thing i like, the thing that i'm a the thing that i think about when i think of evola is that uh he would during the the during the allied bombing raids of rome he would go for walks uh out during them you know as some sort of uh defiance or you know ritualized confrontation with death and chance whatever the hell was going on in his head and then one time he got fucking hit with shrapnel and his spining got paralyzed. He fucked around and he found out, I think that's pretty funny. What are my thoughts on Tom Layer? I mean uh, there's something very endeering about the idea of a guy who became a huge uh political musical saterist, a job that doesn't really exist anything. more uh well also being a math savant and uh professor and astoundingly he's fucking alive he's alive still he's like 95 amazing although when i listen to those like i listen to worner von brown or something uh or we'll all go together when you go and you watch a youtube video and it's it's him in front of an audience and there's all these polite these polite liberals in suits. with very thin ties, you can just imagine the ties, even if you can't see them all chuckling, and I just think man, that audience would have been absolutely insufferable. What historical figure would have the best podcast? That's interesting. Well, there would have to be a rock on tour of course. I'd have to have uh, I mean, obviously an answer that comes up, well historical figure, not really, that's not really historical figure. How many histor? how many like non how many historical figure i mean what contemporary historical figures have uh have podcasts frank ben franklin is a good answer uh churchills would just be like uh like anthony kumias eventually i think i got to say people talk about like oh marx will be good on twitter marks would be good with podcast i think about how much he loved getting into arguments and i just think i'm so glad he was not because even if there is someone with his like you know combination of insights and and uh you know critical faculties and everything and and articulation of ability if they went online they would get their brain turned into soup immediately by trying to you know fight it out trying to trying to trying to make the art pop, now when he, but you know, he was doing it in a context where like the working class movement was literally being born around him, and so there was a real reason that he needed to be incredibly strident in denouncing people who were filled with bullshit, and the people that he condemned for the most part were absolutely full of bullshit, and their prescriptions were uh bad. Nixon would have been a great podcast, talk about Anthony Komia, holy macrol. Most interesting cult okay now we're talking uh I mean Elshimrikio is fascinating at a million levels uh just how big it got how deeply it penetrated a Japanese mass culture I mean the guy was a regular the guy shokahashahara the head the the head of Amshimrikio was a regular late night talk show guest, he was he was he was like uh uh he was like like Paul Rudd on uh on connon O-Brian like he would come on and show the clip from Mac and me uh they had compounds all over Japan and one in uh the outback of Australia they had uh they purchased uh Soviet surplus military equipment including helicopters, they manufactured machine guns, I of course had the seren, they might have been pursuing the purchase of or construction of a nuclear weapon, they had astounding amount of of actual practical scientific know-how because they could they uh recruited so heavily among uh among scientists, and it was commercialized, the guy sold his bath water and viles, he sold a spaghetti strainer you could put on your head that would give you the same thoughts as Shukashahara amazing yeah and then when you think about the fact that it all kind of blew up they were planning to create a nuclear war, they were essentially it's like spiritual they they were like a eastern passadists coming at it from the other side cleansing the earth and then rising from with nuclear fire than rising from the ashes and they ended up doing this tokyo subway attack as a distraction because they were about to get raited by the cops eventually finally after they just ignored them doing insane murders for years partially because there were police officers and people in the justice department whatever they want to call it who were who were high level and also members of the group it's astounding so whenever i think of a of a interesting call just in terms of its complexity, it's it's structure and it's it's ambition and uh up there. and uh, I don't want it was, but somebody pointed out that the case of the case uh, if you wanted to the omshimrikiyo is essentially what people claimed Al Qaida was, like Amshemrikio in its capacity and its intent were what the western media after 911 claimed Al-Qaeda was, in terms of its sophistication of its uh structures uh and its ability to access uh uh weapon. and and and uh up to including chemical and biological and perhaps nuclear uh also an army of totally loyal and willing uh uh accolites with a goal of world destruction that was that was that was al-Qaeda in the western imagination and yet it was essentially destroyed as a threat by arresting a bunch of people. Meanwhile Al-Qaeda, which was never anything like um Shimurikio as a threat, becomes the the focal point of a new foreign policy, but of course that's because it was all lie, doy, it was a new, it was a new uh, guiding principle of the eternal war economy that needed to new narrative justification after the fall of the Soviet Union. "the south korean cult, very interesting, yeah, uh, the south korean president was was overthrown in a like a democratic, it was almost like a democratic coo, it was, it was, it was mass demonstrations that forced a abdication of power uh outside of the structures of government, because of the relationship between the korean president who is the daughter of uh the last..." Korean dictator uh who was killed by his own security chief uh in the blue house I believe and was also in the thrall of this uh this cult, I don't know much about it because it's very Korea specific, but uh, it's it's it's astounding how how deeply entwined that ruling dynasty was with with a uh a family of religious grifters. but I don't know how you know big the group was or how sophisticated or how ambitious there things were beyond getting money because the thing that really brought him down was, that there were just gobs of money were going to this group. Falung Gong as Japanese or as uh Falung Gong as Chinese queuenon is actually probably a pretty good comparison, although of course it's much much much more sophisticated socially and uh in powerful and influential because you're dealing with more people uh and and tighter communities because it's very popular in like immigrant communities and it's also CIA funded uh which... Maybe Q and on is, a lot of people want to think Q and on is an op, but the thing about a lot of stuff that people assume is is conspiracies and is behind uh, you know, being manipulated behind the scenes, none of it to me reads as anything other than a symptom of the system we have, like you and on, to me, the argument that it started from the shit poster, I mean it makes sense and... I think the thing that really matters is that we live in a world where the actual way things turn out and the way they would turn out if they were being manipulated by an illuminati like reptile overlord class is identical and that's because the conspiracies we generate the narratives we generate are just an attempt to give uh an articulation and our minds eye concept of the thing that's happening right in front of our eyes, which is full capitalist miseration are over are overcoming all every aspect of life, and to me that is, that is the important thing, and that is why I tried to remain a loof from real debates about the truth or falseness of specific theories of uh, you know, conspiracy or or uh, deep state involvement in one or another element of of anything, because if it's true or not, we have the... same task, we're true or not, we have the same task, it is to build uh new institutions that can reflect organized power and that's true whether the whether all of whether the the web is a is a spook in the uh whether the web and and all of our online argumentation and all of our uh seemingly insurmountable cultural uh conflicts are spooks in the sternaring sense or spooks in the uh espianage sense either way "the answer is the same, and the reason that that matters is because you're not going to ever know, you're never going to know, and more importantly than that, even if you did know, what would you do with the information? there's a reason that every conspiracy narrative ends with a court scene, a courtroom scene of some kind, whether it's q and on, whether it's JFK, whether it's q and on imagined military." tribunals and eventually one day show trials, they always promise they're going to be over the horizon uh, or i just rewatched the end of x files, the original last two episodes that concluded the show uh in 2002, and it ends with a fucking trial, molder on trial, like the conspiracy, the the happy ending of every conspiracy movie is is is a it's some sort of trial or testimony like before a senate committee or something. because the underlining assumption is with the conspiracy theory as conspiracy theory as practice is that if enough people know then that will change something, but all that we're learning from conspiracy theory is a narrative articulation of the thing that's happening right in front of our faces and that we're not doing anything about now. the task that your imagining is going to be uh carried out by this of consciousness raising about specific bad actors. is actually your attempt to imagine a class project, an attempt to imagine real politics, a second way, as I said, to challenge the existing one, and that will not come in the form of appeals to institutions within the that are embedded within, like courts and the media, because they all, they take everything that is shocking and horrifying and monstrous. and that leave us uh with a blood curdling sense of our helplessness before a system of total rapidity and turn it banall and turn it into received wisdom, turn it into a thing that everybody knows, and then we just move on with our lives, everybody knows that the game, everybody knows the war is over, everybody knows the good guy is lost, everybody knows, dice reloaded, everybody rolls, with our fingers crossed, and right now, the fight is fixed, the rich, the poor stay poor, the rich stay rich, okay? featured prominently in the classic Christian slater film pump up the volume, which is about a proto podcaster, a young ham radio enthusiast who scandalizes his small town by exposing the petty hypocrisies of the of the worthies of the city and of the school board. it really is like a model of it's like the it's the media model of change that we all have internalized at some point in. which i know i have of you get on that microphone and you tell the people the truth and they hear enough truth and they just have to do something about it. i think that's what undergirds everybody at some romantic level when they carry out the the the the goal of a of a media project. How good is Alex Jones in the Link letter movie? I have to say, I saw waking life as a kid, it blew my mind, obviously, uh, and the the scene where Alex Jones is just holler into that uh, a microphone in the car, his head's turning into fireball, it was insaniary uh, and just to think that now he'd end up just like trying to get a republic. can president reelected, unbelievable, i have, i have tried to rewatch waking life like later after i got older and i was like, holy shit, this is not good, wow, wow, wow, we wow, i am a little embarrassed that, but you know, hey, we're dumb asses when we're kids, for the most part, maybe you weren't, but i sure as hell was, i was a dumb ass, still am, just slightly, maybe less in certain ways, God, if Trump pardons Gislain Maxwell, if Trump pardons Gizain Maxwell as his last act out the door, just as a final smoke bomb of cognitive dissonance, oh my god, I would die laughing, because I mean nothing's gonna happen anyway, at least that would be funny. I mean queue is already branching off, you're seeing it already uh, Richard Juels lawyer in Georgia is calling on uh that phillips lady, Sydney Phillips and Michael Flind to run for president on like a... election integrity q platform and i mean i don't come of any of that, my guess is people will get lose interest and come back into the fold the way they always end up doing because doing anything other is too hard and we just don't have the investment in anything other than the the minimum amount of uh of just spectacle indulgence meaning what to watch and maybe voting but not not the hard work of of like creating a new political movement but uh I've said before and I think might be true, you might see a return to quietism politically among some of these queue people, because if you see Trump lose the election, even though he won it right, even though this was huge fraud, even though we have the servers after the shootout in Germany, and he still is replaced by Biden, unless you want to believe that he's not actually not president anymore, which some of them will think, the rest of them i or a good chunk of them anyway, I think are going to be realized, oh okay. I'm not, I still believe in Q and all this other stuff, I still believe there's a plan, but it is not a political plan, it doesn't involve the parties and it doesn't involve voting, because look what that is, and that would be funny if that happened, but I think that more likely people are going to get more politicized over time because of how much conditions are going to deepen into inmiseration, like I'm saying, not apocalyptically, it'll just be the same but worse, but but but worse has a compounding effect politically over time and one of the things that the worse does is it makes culture more politically infused, it makes it harder to have a political culture, and of course there is no such thing as a political culture, but i mean political culture does not have a specific partisan bent, a specific democrat republican branding, and that we we talked on the show about uh, or I talked to Felix recently about um how game of thrones was like... the last large-scale, long-term cultural product that did not have a partisan political branding to it, towards the end it became about Hillary Slay Queen stuff, but for a long time there, it was the last sort of a political cultural product that people could uh care about, now everything comes out branded, and that means that if you're going to engage in culture, which even if you don't care about politics now, you do have to do, because what else are you going to do, what else is there to do? all there is to do is is engage at this level, everything else is, every other area of self-expression is is denied us, or even sucker isdenied us, unless you want to just kill yourself of fent, and that means that the political branding is going to adhere to people as they engage with politics or as they engage with culture, and i maybe the only ones who will be able to withstand a uh a quiet disposition are the ones who turn it into a religion, who lo don't need the political investment because they have... have transformed all of their uh their psychic pain into a a uh religious narrative, spiritual personal narrative for which there is no need to even uh reference politics other than as a tapestry to to to examine, i don't know, i'm not one of them, we'll see. There is no more Christian right, that's not a coherent thing, like the republican party is white evangelicals, but those things are so tightly wound together now that there's not really a distinguish. point where you can say christian right, it's just it's like all that stuff has been desacralized, which is why a lot of religious leaders by the way, in the 70s were weiry about becoming political, it was this exact outcome that they were avoiding, like if you had shown, if you been able to show a space, a robot, if you been able to send a robot back in time to like that uh, that uh ramata in suite where all of the uh pastors got together to set up the moral and you showed them Donald Trump in 2016 and said this guy is going to be president thanks to you and like the political culture that you've helped create, some of them would be fine with it, but a lot of them would not have been i bet Billy Graham would not have been, and that's not because they were good people, it's because they had standards of decorum that have not been degraded by the 40 years that happened after that moment, there's nothing christian, there's nothing. christian about it is what i mean it is the it's the political project of the republican party that they are the same thing that there's no christian it's it's a redundancy like the christian right was supposed to be like separate from some other right it's like no the the fus because anything that would have conflicted with the broader right project in christianity has been jetison from christianity. What's my favorite great lake? Michigan, that's the one I grew up next to. I grew up in a in a lakeside town. Manadal walk is right on like Michigan. I I lived maybe a mile from the beach. does it matter that amyt is a cult? what does this have to do with anything? you're talking about like weird personal practices? like you might as well tell me that like Anton was a gamer, it doesn't matter. i'm the manack mal is fucked now, are you telling me it wasn't fucked but when i was a kid, i mean that place had like three stores in it when i was a kid. I would see movies, I would watch movies where kids would go to the mall and there would be escalators and there'd be food courts and all this stuff and I would just be stunmed because our mall really did feel like some eastern block shit, there's one ice cream parlor with like a and like two video games, two arcade games and then a fucking jc penny, that was near the uh uh, that was near the water tower that was prominently featured in making a murderer. Why do I say Missouri is the south? Well, it's got the Oscarks and it had slavery until 1860, or 1863. I mean what does the south mean if not a slave-based economy? like that's the that was what the distinction ended up building like the cultural and political distinction that that breed into the central crisis was about a mode of production. Maryland's the south too. JFK famously said about. see that it had uh northern hospitality and southern efficiency. I have no idea delaware to me is not a real place, I mean it is, it exists on paper to to launder money. Delaware is just part of like a little chunk of Pennsylvania that they just carved off so that you could uh, you you couldn't have to pay taxes and you could charge users rates on on credit. cards, not bad sleep, so there's three countries in delaware, that still seems like too, too many, why why would? what kind of what pretentious assholes like yeah no, we have to subdivide this further, fuck you, you should be the here's the size of a county in a normal size state, get out of here, how can a billionaire be lumpping? uh, i think that, i think that we, i think the republican party is at top the party of lumpin billionaires and the way you can be a lump and billionaire is you're a lumpant billionaire who does not have a class consciousness. who is not operating out of a self-conscious desire to to see the broad advancement of his class, which is very hard to get and you kind of have to be America to create that kind of thing, and we did it, and the the battle at the top between the democrats and republicans is broadly between these lumpin billionaires, local like the small business billionaires and their like mini versions of them that stack down through the countries, like you'll you'll have some millower town uh that will have... like a uh in in in uh Tennessee or something and they'll have a a plant that will be owned by a guy or there'll be like a fracking company owned by some other guy and then there'll be like local like vasssels of that guy who own all the chick fillets and or or chicf fillet isn't franchise own all the mcdonald's or own all the the popies and then there's a uh that's not franchised either I don't think never mind whatever all restaurants boat dealerships It's a strata of rich people who think that they're operating within an economy of in where they are for looking out for themselves, whereas the democrats at the top are controlled by a self-consciously internationalized finance capital that sees itself as part of a global project, and the thing is is that those lump and billionaires are part of the same project, they just aren't aware of it, because because they are have been spending their time on that grind, extraction industries, things like that, and the other problem is is that their short-term interests are in conflict in a lot of ways with the interests of that financialized global capitalism that the democrats represent, and that's where you get the any the only real conflict, the only real sparks between the parties is that conflict. Piquetti talks about this, Mike Davis has talked a lot about this. like the merchants as like the merchant class, the the lumping what rich versus sort of the class conscious financial wealth, like Trump's support, like Trump's big dollar donors for the most part are not banks or or or or bankers, they are like the coke brothers or the mercers, they're they're they're they're. they're involved in extraction, the short term you know turning over of uh commodities. Tom Steyer, I hope is made secretary of keeping it real, because that guy, he's got sauce and I want to see him spray it all over the place. It's the rich assholes from the coast fight. with the rich assholes for the mid-west basically, it's the coastal assholes, it's the uh, it's finance and uh silicon valley and entertainment against uh extraction uh and small and medium manufacturing and and and all and all that. my pillow guy is a perfect example, yankees versus cowboys all, the difference is is that this is what happens when the cowboys fully take over because "Regan's revolution was supposed to bring the cowboys into power, but only at the level of culture, at the at the top level, they capitalated to the rockefeller wing completely, they then they sold." that to the regular Americans, uh, now 40 years later, 40 years of capillary movement of of people through the political system, it's now captured, and the election of Trump is just an expression of like the the broader political culture created by that party, and that's why there are some people say like, if you want to bet on revolutionary potential, if you want to be an anti-capitalist specifically potentially, you got to go with the republicans over the democrats, but these people are. still billionaires, they still want a working class that is hyper-exploited and powerless, they have that same in desire, they just disagree about like whether or not that could be carried out through like protective tariffs or uh or free trade or whatever, that's the that's the actual distinction, and uh, you can say, but but that means that we should support them in their free trade, one, you can't support anybody, that's not real, like this whole idea that you make alliances with anybody in the system is fraugulent because there's no no one represents anybody but themselves, so you cannot, no one can say that we can do anything, there's no we in any of this, and then even when it is expressed, like when Trump express is it, it's just like look at the trade war with China, what did that do for the American worker, and there's nothing in the republican party that could generate anything more effective on behalf of that lump and billionaire uh cowboy class. then what Trump has done i and the big thing for me is both parties now have a vested interest in heitening conflict with China and nobody more than the cowboys, nobody more than these lumping billionaires and is now trying to channel like a fucking and and so since nobody's no americans real interests are served by ratcheting tensions with China, the... and that is going to be the actual coherent expression of any hostility to global finance, we're seeing it already, marsha Blackburn today, 5,00 years of perfinity from the heathen celestial, these guys are banging the anti-china drum, that's not going to help anybody, and that's all it could be is to help this project of revenchist idiocy, where we're going to blame the Chinese for our inability to deal with the fucking coronavirus, um, Matt stoller's endgame like all these guys end game is some sort of confrontation with China that has to at some point sharpen into some military uh element because we're the we're the fucking biggest military in the world and there are geostrategic questions in in China or in in Asia and like the the makeup of our political. class is going to determine in some degree our military response to that, and all you're going to get out of this, lumping, rich reactionary hostility to the totalizing mission of world capitalism, is a war with china, congratulations, great, great work, no war with China, cooperation with the Chinese against the ruling classes of both countries. like i'm saying mid-level officers of the of the people's uh liberation army and the us military, start some whatsapps, send tik-tocks back and forth, get talking, and the other and of course the real hilarious part of that is that that war with China is not necessarily something that the fucking global finance uh, at least the form of the democratic party as like a as a political uh gambit is going to be that opposed to either. did you see how quickly democrats started yelling about China as soon as Biden won? things keep getting worse, china is going to take more of the blame from both parties. so there you go, there's your big conflict at the top of the parties creating the same dynamic, the same raction. congratulations. All right guys, I'm packing, apparently the video is lagging, I'm sorry, I have no ability to control that, hopefully the audio will be good by itself, if you want to just listen, it will be put on iTunes and spotify, I know people have been asking if we stop doing that, we are still doing it, I think it just comes in batches, so sometimes it'll be a little bit of... before they all get there, but they are still being uploaded, and then you can watch them without having to be annoyed that my lips are moving differently. all right, i'm going, bye-bye, link and lives baby.