 That should do it, that should do it, that should do it all right, hello, hey guys, how you doing? we're back, we're out here, quite overcast day, but not humid, it's a miracle, it's a miraculous occurrence. It's all cloudy and and gray, but the air is not thick like a swollen sponge, not bad. How's everybody doing? I hope okay, oh no, I got a cord, I got a cord flip here, oh dear, I got a situation. I got a situation here, there we go, measure twice, cut once, oh somebody says their entire state is burning, is that Colorado? Yeah, that good, if you've got trees uh in your state, you're in trouble, but that's also where where the air gets made, so it's kind of a kind of a bummer. Where are you going to run sciner man? Where are you going to run? I don't think there's anywhere to go, but we'll see. So I talked last time a little bit about uh queue and I was thinking some more about Q and on and how q and on really is. They call they say that they call themselves a great awakening right? They say that explicitly. They genuinely are if you think about it. You could... you if you wanted to squint through the right aperture you could call them the third grade awakening of American uh protestant christianity because you had a first grade awakening in the colonial era when uh people were coming to grips with the fact they were entering into totally new social relationships uh in in in a ways that they'd never expected uh or had come to you know uh had had been aculturated to uh and and that needed to be rec'. exciled and so you saw this huge intense uh efforescence of uh of religious piety to sort of deal with the dislocations of creating a new structure for social living. the second great awakening happened uh at the dawn of the industrial age uh centered as I talked about before on the stream and the iri canal area, the spots in the in the yoman farming heartland of uh New York that were... being infiltrated with this this commercial culture that was antithetical to everyone's understanding of the social formations that they sort of come to terms with, and so another explosion of religious piety came up to kind of re to uh to reascess and restructure the relationship between uh the conditions of of a industrializing America and religion, mormons, Joseph Smith? being part of that uh burned over district movement being the ones who perfected it the most the ones took it to the fartest and i think if you think of the way that the way Q andon is structuring itself specifically and now apparently they're kidnapping people's children because they're they now they're now they've taken family court which has been an incredibly fraud area and a huge nexus of alienation and and uh and conspiracy theory and and and hostility towards conventional post 60's cultural norms, father's rights movement, well not only is your bitch wife and the bitch judge, you know, they're not just taking your kids because they're uh, because they're damn feminazies, it's because they're going to have them be molested by uh the evil lizard people in charge, it adds an extra level to that to that narrative, so they're getting more intense, they're getting more popular, we've got them in congress now, there's going to be at least two que people in congress uh with the start of the next district, next uh the next congress, so that's awesome, and they call themselves the great awakening, and you could really look at it as a third grade awakening, because if the second grade awakening helped create. the protestantism that led to prosperity gospel, which is sort of the closest thing you could come to an American theology, if you want to say like what's the American theology, regardless of any specific doctrinal issues, it's prosperity gospel, but now we are in the era of lack of prosperity gospel, like there's no more prosperity, so how do you square that? and their answer is with this hugely, narrative that that rescues the the holy parts of what they think of as America from the corrupt parts and and and joins them to try to purify themselves through observation, that's why it's the third one, that's why it's that's why it's the pringle one, it's the one where we're already derassinated too much to turn it into a social movement, partially because christianity has gone from sort of the text of social relationships to the subtext, because we've secularized the culture - and of course these guys aren't going to do anything, they're not, they mostly just go to rallies, but I mean if you think of those as like uh, as uh, modern day tent revivals, it tracks, and what's my favorite thing about it is that I've talked about how q is nostic, you know, like we all are in terms of seeing the world as a as a as a fallen and deformed thing, built by evil that keep us from the real thing, as a way to make sense of the... there is the real America and then there is this deep state that this deforms it, but then Trump will come and stop them, trump will save us, Trump will bring about the end times, but like with any millenniary religious tradition, which Christianity always was, early Christians thought that the world was going to end in their lifetime, the revelation of St. John is something that was supposed to happen in the lifetime of the people. read it, and so Christianity has from the beginning been able to constantly adapt to the non-appearance of the Messiah, and the way that and nasticism is one mechanism, and with the the the queue and on people, they have now created, they're now in the process of creating like a two- layered uh simulation, like a matrix within a matrix, because Trump's in power, but things aren't changing, how do you explain that one way you explain it and something I don't think the queue is ever said about said but this is of course you know we're talking about we're well beyond the actual uh text these are the people arguing it like the council of nice or something long afterwards uh there is a theory that oh yeah all all the bad people a lot of them have been arrested and in fact executed but they've been replaced by holograms or clones or robots so that no one knows because the moment isn't right to reveal it, well, if that goes on long enough, and if Trump gets reelected, especially, and things don't change, eventually the entire deep state and the entire apparatus of psychopedophiles who run our lives will have been replaced by synthetic doubles, but everything will be the same, they will still be in charge, they will still be eating children, but they'll just be a simulated version of it, because That's the only way that you can reconcile the persistent failure of the apocalypse to arrive, and that's why yeah, there's going to be a lot of uh, there's going to be a lot of violence, I don't, I think Q is uh, cu is going to get violent for sure, but not in an organized way, not black shirts in the streets, uh, it's going to be just a bunch of uh, a bunch of... just who are already loose in the shoes for a number of reasons and who get a final push by this narrative, this this all-encompassing narrative for why their life is terrible, but it can never be the source of like an actual movement, because it's it's very existence and the form of it are determined by the lack of movement and the lack of even people conceiving of creating a movement, that's why they'... create q&on, it's why they grasp to it because of a fundamental understanding of their own powerlessness. are there any good john wilks booth conspiracies? i mean, well technically that was a conspiracy, i mean there was there were conspirators, they were hanging out in Mary uh Sarat's boarding house, they had a whole plan, one of them was going to kill lincoln, one of them was going to kill Andrew Johnson, i wish that motherfucker had succeeded. one of them was going to kill Grant uh and hilariously, I think it was George Azerod tries to kill uh hen uh William Suward and is in his bed, but he had a neck, he had a neck injury in a in a carriage crash. and he was wearing a a neck brace and when he went to stab him in the neck he couldn't he couldn't get through and he ended up just running away and the guy was supposed to shoot grant uh just chickend out but if you want to talk about something that uh you know behind that that hasn't been revealed, i'd say the most mainstream is that booth was working as an as an agent of the confederate government and there is some proof there is some evidence that he had contact with the confederate government. and they were aware of his operation when he was planning to kidnap Lincoln uh and that they might have provided him with uh with material support to do it uh there's no proof though that they were aware of his decision to just go with the uh decapitation strategy uh but it's not outside the rom of possibility you want to go whack here there's a theory that uh Edwin Stanton the um Lincoln's compatitive secretary of war was actually behind the whole thing. and it was because he wanted to become president uh and there's not much evidence for that except for the fact that the telegram lines out of telegraph lines out of DC mysteriously uh failed right after the assassination uh which people say oh that's like that's pretty coincidental and then there's the fact that uh there's a number of pages removed from uh Booth's diary when it was recovered and no one knows what was on them. uh and people build out of that the thing that uh that Stanton did it, actually the idea of kid Lincoln getting kidnapped is kind of fascinating because he is one of like those great souls, you know, like Lincoln's one of those characters, you read about him in history, you read his words and you read what people say who knew him, one of those and and I got to say as bad as it is politically and and historically uh the the Spielberg Lincoln movie really got that better than anything. that that his just like his uh his ability to disarm uh and you know it's interesting to imagine him interacting with a uh with with kidnappers who hated him and then maybe like trying to talk them and to be seeing how that would it be sort of like a it would be like a uh reversal of the ransom of red chief only this guy's too cool for us to kidnap he's too awesome but they were uh, i mean they were foaming uh secessionist scum bags, so it probably wouldn't have mattered, but it would have it might have been, it's a funny thing to think about. another thing that actually happened that I like to think about with Lincoln is that after Martin van Buren, little magician, the old Fox of Kinderhook, uh, the red fox of kinderhook was defeated, he went on a western swing uh to see the western states and and uh meet local political leaders and he went to. and he met a young wig state senator uh or state legislator named Abraham and they ended up spending the night together getting drunk uh i like to imagine that that seems like it be a fun convo and the thing is is that they were on the other side like at that point uh Lincoln was a wig who were like their entire party existed to oppose the democracy that van Berren had basically created yeah they just went they scissord like nuts they went to town, oh the oh, this is a good one, the most demonic city in america, this might take the rest of the stream, fuck, oh all right, Hm, well DC is the obvious number one, that's number one with a bullet, that's number one, that's the obvious pick, so we have to mention it, but we have to also go beyond it, because we want to be interesting with this. DC, literally laid out by freemasons, using occult uh, sacred geometry and architecture like fucking hawksmore in London to like inscribe ritualized power onto the land on a cleared stretch of fucking uh. of of of swamp land, built by fucking compelled labor of slaves like the goddamn pyramids, the home to uh to like the the the the the brain stem of of a all world consuming uh and world destroying monstrosity of a uh economic and political hegemoneny, and also it is incredibly unpleasant to be... in uh, they call it the city of magnificent distances, but that what that means in in practice is that in the summer you have just giant fields of dust that just fill the air. you walk uh trying to get from one thing to the other uh and of course all you know the entire federal area is is is all in this honestly pretentious and and and embarrassing and kind of cringe neoclassical architecture come on dude get out of here oh wow it's like ancient roam yeah do you guys have any ideas of yourselves anything at all you're just going to do Roame again really? I don't, man, I think you could do better than Rome. Oh, wait a minute, no, fucking slave aristocracy with like a fake culture of honor to mask this brutality. Never mind, I get why you went Rome. So, DC definitely very, very satanic, very demonic. Uh, obviously Los Angeles, the city of dreams, the city of of seduction, the city where where all of the pain and horror and exploitation of the life in America are abstracted and turned into. dream version of itself where all the pleasure pain turns into pleasure, that's pretty, that's pretty demonic, that's like fucking that's some hell razer shit, but it's it's so nice though, you got the and they got the water right there, pacific ocean can't be beat, san francisco of course, san francisco and la have both have uh very sinister occult histories, so uh either one of them is very voc. that way, like San Francisco, I mean, my god, Bahemian Groves right, right there out of Tidal Town founded by uh, San Francisco theater people uh, you've got uh, oh, in southern California you've got Jack Parsons and the and Elron Huber and the fucking and trying to uh summon the the the Hore of Babylon for god sakes, uh, you've got Manson in both cities connected to MK Ultra, you've got uh, Anton Levey. Anton fucking levei in in San Francisco and the church of Satan, which by the way, the fact that it's libertarianism should tell you something, uh, yeah, no, they're both very wicked, and las vegas. is of course like a pure, it's pure iid, it's it's un, it's unpretense, it's unpretentious id, it's it's the peeled banana, uh, but honestly that's makes it kind of less demonic in that it's less of a uh, it's it's less dishonest, it it involves less se less trickery, it's a pure appeal to the to to one's base instinct, which at least makes you have to confront. when you give into them rather than wrapping a doom in some sort of damask cloth of of of imagined virtue and then allowing you to yourself to plunge headlong into the abiss did i like? very much or Glasgow uh yes, did didn't very much like Glasgow, I like Edinburgh and Glasgow, but I honestly I feel like after having been there, Glasgow gets a bad rap as being like the ugly one, it's actually very very pretty and it's got a lot of uh intact you know 19th century uh bones to its downtown uh I like them both I like Scotland Scotland's prob Scotland I think is the prettiest part of the United Kingdom and I've been to all of it. I didn't go to Edinburgh on the tour but I've been there previously by myself. I actually uh, I got, I almost black, I blacked out and had a very bad uh, I could have been very bad, but some very friendly uh, scottish people i just met were able to get me home, because that was when I had just started learning how to drink and I did not know how to do it yet, that was a bad place to try to uh, to try to practice. Wales is very pretty. but it's just there's something about the hills, the highlands and there the heather shit in Scotland, it's very uh, I don't, it's uh, it's romantic with a large R. New Orleans has a claim, I mean there's a reason all those, that's a reason all those vampire people love New Orleans. right, like ann rice and that shit, like there's a certain uh ritualized sinister shit there. but I got to say it's like there's a there is a there is a continental resistance to efficiency in New Orleans that I find in the current moment other generations of like protestants sort that's the devil itself, but I'd say in the current concept context uh anything that resists anything that resists efficiency, at least the way that we conceive of it uh is is on the side of the angels. What do you think the chances are that Trump? gets kicked out of the white house by the feds if he loses uh, i mean if he loses in a sense, like i was saying, if if if he win if he loses, if he is certified loser of the states, if they aren't able to you know get a court to determine that x number of ballots aren't valid or something or that like x, impartial result is true, which could happen, um, if if if the mechanisms of state come to the conclusion that biden won, yeah, he'll, in fact i don't think they'll even have to, i think that point he would give up because he's a coward, he would not try to make a phone call and get one of those guys to like put tanks on the street, and i think even a guy like Bar who's clearly fully committed to using Trump as a excuse to like extend state prerogatives in any direction he wants them to, at the benefit of the Republican Party, would recognize that that would not be a useful field of conflict if you had a unified you know consensus uh in the public that he lost, which... is different than if you money the results, that's different, and now then all I kind of think all bets are off, but I also kind of don't think that's going to happen, because it seems like the kind of thing everybody worries about, because it's it provides some sort of frision, and more than anything it provides a fantasy of an escape, it does, it it it uh brings up to mind the notion that okay, this will be the final, this will be an actual rupture, this will be the one that unlike all these other ruptures that ended up not being as dramatic as would have required, to break loose the moarings of these systems of reproducing themselves, this is going to be it, this is going to be a a real frision point, and as always with any kind of big incident like this, and especially one where you've got fucking corona being the x- factor and the institutions crumbling before our eyes, hyper reality just obliterating any need to have like a consensus, a a uh a cafab of political legitimacy, that's all real, but it also it lies on the outer edge of probability. like I think more likely is Biden wins out right, Trump mumbles and goes away, or Trump wins narrowly in a way that most a lot that liberals are mad at, and that probably will involve what would, it will be less legitimate than elections that we have uh sponsored cous over, you know, it would be less legitimate by far than any Venezuelan election. that has been won in by chavez or Maduro fastly less legitimate than any election uh that uh uh even morales won just it'll make a mockery of all of our bullshit about about election integrity being you know the cornerstone of democratic legitimacy but mostly liberals will just whine about it they'll just mutter about it and so all the left because they're not going to fight on the streets on behalf of Joe Biden and even if they wanted to they wouldn't know what to do. somebody asked if kamala is the worst vp pick sense liberman, i think Kamala is an absolute uh, she is the cane, she's basically she is as much of a a safety pick as Tim Kain was, just with a different slightly different political violence because he's buse the buse biden is different than Hillary. I don't think it's a good, I don't think it's good or bad, it just is, and I honestly think probably there is no such thing as a good pick, they're all gonna be terrible, and they weren't going to pick somebody they wouldn't be able to control, because Biden could die at any moment, and they all know that, yeah, the union endorsing Trump, the the New York nypd union endorsing Trump, yeah, like that's why... That's why if if if there is that moment that people are fret dreading and also kind of edging towards that, I mean make no bones about it, it would be enforced by the people who... right now are operating under you know a thin social consensus but will be unbound by that but again uh if that happened I think it would compromise a lot of uh cultural like superstructural loadbearing members of like uh of if not legitimacy efficacy of of of market transmission that I don't think is anything. think that anyone is really in charge wants, because there is no threat, like that's the big reason because it is really it would just be kind of like Trump and and like the lumping uh cult around him versus a versus like the broader ruling class, because biden is not a threat, biden is not worth throwing away the the uh the throwing away the last shreds of you know man. social legitimacy over uh somebody ask if somebody says the cops seem to be even more reactionary than soldiers and that's true one of the big reasons is just demographics uh police officers are self that's a career right like that's a that's a career choice that's is made by overwhelmingly white dudes, whereas uh the military is sort of a broad last ditch uh social welfare program basically so it's more uh demographically diverse so there's just there's less like concentrated white reaction to even exist uh but a part of it is the is is the is the uh like internal culture even even all these christian psychos i mean except for the real like you know uh was that guy's name? the one who uh got fired under Obama, it was always freaking out about like dipping blood and dipping bullets in pigs blood to kill the muslims or something, he said he was a holy warrior, anyone remember this dude, jerry something, uh, anyway, there's those guys, but like most of these dudes are just, you know, they're college graduates, especially at the top, boicat. Jerry Boikin, that's it, uh, and as such, they need some sort of like architecture to understand their purpose, and it's about protecting America, or an idea of America from a foreign threat, and that means that they have to have a certain sense of America as virtuous as something worth defending in order to defend it. Cops, they patrol the actual streets with an attitude of hardening hostil. and eventual contempt for the people that they actually are supposed to be among who are Americans, which means that they are not operating off of a idealized America that they are justifying their actions by referencing, they are um, they are immersed in a America that they see as violently split between the sheep and the wolfs or whatever the fuck, because like army guys do that too, but for them the wolves are outside, those are not Americans, for the cops, half of the America basically is a wolf or fucking sheep dog, whatever the hell dumb thing they like to talk about, one way or another that like they have they've they cannot be the their proximity to suppression of their fellow citizens, doesn't allow them the same degree of ideological fantasy that sees America as a like single project to be protected as opposed to a just terrain. of brutal uh race and culture war. the funny thing about the uh about the the USPS thing is like i i mean it seems like they're trying to make it harder to vote by mail but i don't know to what extent. but like the way people the way people immediately clatched onto it, i think it's it's fear, but it's also tinged with like this, oh god, this is going to be the thing, this is gonna be the thing that breaks it, this is gonna be. the break, the break that we've all wanted, that we've all secretly feared, but also craved in equal measure, that the social death wish, and uh, so that's why it's hard to untangle you, when when when your when your interaction with an event or a a series of events, is much less data related to the event than a echoing series of reactions from people around you, it's very hard to extract any real conhering idea of what's going on, you're real more than anything taking in the emotional temperature of a group of people through echo location. i do say the people who are like going and buying stamps to support the post office, that's pretty perfect isn't it? i mean, you couldn't get a better example of the of the consumer self-conception and how it's our only frame of reference for activism or at person. expression of any kind, everyone's f saying they like my shirt thank you i didn't this used to fit when i first got this shirt i wasn't able to wear it those to uh it was too snug but now i got to say it's it's actually kind of uh kind of bilowy It is very funny that the people now winding about the US post office uh on the democratic side are the people who killed it like the the post office is already dead uh it's it's just it's a question of when it's going to finally be collapse and it was killed by that this bill in 2006 the postal service uh accountability act or something like that uh that required them to fully fund their pension for like 50 years and which no other no private organization dos and no other public uh no other uh public sector uh employer does, it was it was just done to give them an unsustainable budget load that would eventually necessitate uh privatization and when the when Obama and Biden and those guys got in there uh those motherfuckers they didn't repeal that shit and it was bipartisan they voted for it too. because privatizing state industry is a bipartisan consensus, it's part of that unspoken consensus that forms the real terrain of politics while we fight over the fucking uh uh puppet show and so the the democrats might in the moment be crack crying crocodile tears because they think oh we might lose some jobs in the white house which is what we actually care about uh but and you know liberal elite liberals who have never been to the post office uh wouldn't dein to go uh uh they support it with you know purchasing stamps and and by hashtagging it uh but they have no concern when about the the actual trend towards privatization and undermining of the of the service that is that's just something that happens directing it in such a way to to create one or another political outcome that is the bridge too far that is the crime and it and it shows like the... there's there's the stuff that is, there's the parts of our awfulness that are unique to party politics and part of the narrow set of interests dominating political parties as separate institutions competing for power for the people in them versus the broader agenda that that bickering essentially helps uh cover for and uh and helps drive through through the political process and you've got a good example here between the two, you've got the broader agenda of overtime turning the post office into uh into i mean into i guess what would it even be? there'd be no post offices, I guess it would just be taken over, like we would just get rid of it or like buse, if they privatized it, I guess it would just get bought right, wouldn't it get bought immediately by like uh, by by like UPS or something, like it would be like Russia, it would be like any anytime they saw off a big asset in post Soviet Union, it just get bought up by an oligarch, so it it would just be it would no longer and then boom, uh oh tons of people out of work obviously and uh this and uh another vector. for like any kind of resistance to uh privatization gone and that's fine, that's not a problem. uh, the problem is for people who only care about the political zone and the and who they who they're rooting for uh in the political theater, what matters is that they're interfering in their minds with uh some sort of neutral arbitration of the electoral process as though that exists. Lottery instead of elections, I've long thought that was the solution honestly, I mean not to this system, you can't just replace elections with. lottery now and saying as an administrative uh as just purely as a as a representative uh uh uh structure, i prefer the lottery to elections, but that would have to be under a different economic model obviously. I might have more guess when I do the thing from the office with Chris, I bet we'll have guests cuuse that's the thing that's easy, it's easy, I can't really, I mean, you see me try to grill while doing this, it's very hard for me to divide my attention, so uh, but if he's there we can definitely like get somebody in, because I'm just using my phone here, I don't even, I don't even know how to like pourt in another uh video, but once we're in the office, I think we could get guest. that'd be fun, maybe you could play some civ together, did i read david frost walls last book, if you're talking about the pale king, the one he didn't finish, yes, a lot of good stuff in there, it's obviously unfinished, but there's good stuff, pale king pretty? really boring, well that was literally the point, it was a novel about boardom as like a spiritual concept, and i know that's uh dumb, but i i found the boring stuff uh interesting so it wasn't boring, look. best sequel, i mean in my instinct is uh gremlins to, because it's not only a great movie in its own right, is is specifically a sequel and like its sequelness is the text, like the idea of making a sequel is part of the the concept of it, so it's like it's more of a sequel, see people say terminator 2 and terminator 2 is very good, but i'm sorry terminator is it just is, the original terminator is basically perfect, terminator two, very good, but it's just it's getting a little, it's getting a little that a little lacrimose, it's getting it's it's it's that, it's the first hint of that of Cameron kind of getting a little uh, a little uh mel, what's melodramatic or? Corny, that's a good word for it. T2 is a little corny. I don't know how you could look at that compared to just the perfect instrument of term the terminator and say that it's better, why? because... like he fight, he drove a truck off of a overpass, that's an awesome scene, but you know, and this and the effects are obviously great, but and it's a great movie, but that just makes us, that should just make us appreciate the original terminator even more, sentimentality is the word I was thinking of. See i disagree about aliens, I think aliens is better than alien, but that's partially because Riley Scot is a garbage creature and uh James Cameron's a five star pimp. I don't actually like Godfather too that much. I i haven't seen it a long time, but I kind of thought it was uh, I don't know, overstuffed. everyone wants to say alien is better, i'm sorry, i will not maw, i will not give Redly Scott credit for anything, aliens good, which is more than i can say for blade runner, yeah, that's right, i said it. but both of them to me are just so absurdly valued beyond uh beyond their their their actual virtues. I do love, I do love Dannon, of course, I'll respect dannon, he's a king, and I and I choose to believe everything good in alien is him and not really Scott, did I read crack? I had a subscription to crack, I don't know why I had it and not mad, but I i just I guess mad felt too uh mad felt old fashion buse mad was so old and I i'm not i'm sure crack wasn't even much less old but it felt more I don't know dynamic even though it was all the same shit. Most zuted president is very easy JFK. John Fachero Kennedy, like Hitler, was absolutely flying on amphamines at all times. He had a guy a doctor feel good uh who just boosted his ass up with uh amphetamine injections on the regular because partially because he was riddled with uh paint uh he had the image of you now. this this this this vigorous young jock, the the new front of the new generation of Americans born in this century, but he was actually him playing touch football on the lawn with the with the boys, but he was actually wildly ill his whole life, he had Addison's disease, which could make your eyeballs bug out uh, and I think it's a thyroid condition, and he also had uh courtesy, I think of the PT 109 or or something else, just an awfully bad back, uh, like and he was in, he was in a lot of pain basically. all the time because of his back injury, graves disease, that's it, uh, Lincoln had Addison's disease, graves disease, correct, sorry, uh, and he was just in pain all the time, and so he was on medication all the time, and he would get, he would get boosted and then he would go score with the two secretaries in the pool under the white house, have uh affairs with the uh, the mistress of multiple mob bosses. oh, link at Marfan syndrome. That's right. I always forget which they are. No, great, you're right, and it wasn't graves disease, it was Addison. disease, the fuck is trying to gaslight me? no, he had Addison's disease, Lincoln had marfan syndrome, none of them had graves disease, I always thought a funny counterfactual would be, like uh, JFK's uh, JFK's doctor feel good comes in a little bit too feeling good himself and like overdoses Kennedy and his heart explodes like on day three of the cuban missile crisis. That's a funny counterfactual because uh LBJ was not taken seriously during the cuban missile crisis or ever by the white by the by the Kennedis which was bad in some cases because he actually he kind of knew how they needed to do to get civil rights passed but they they thought they knew better than him on that but when it came to the cuban missile he was like the one pushing the maximal conflict line he was saying we got to like escalate this and they kind of just ignored it, but uh, it's interesting to imagine that if he gets in there uh, right like in the middle of the crisis, if that doesn't uh change the outcome in a significant way. uh, RFK's assassination is very interesting. I've said that I am a - a agnostic on JFK, um, and a lot of that is just because I i i got so much information about it at some point that it just, it's stopped having meaning really, and I just kind of wondered. if it's just one of those things where if you take any event of significant size and and effect on lives and you trace it out you'll find like this pattern of stuff that appears to be like incontrovertible evidence of uh of of a conspiracy when in reality you're dealing with something that is so multifted and multi fractaled that any any preconceived notion can be re reaffirmed by tracing things that come off of it but the RFK ass is also very interesting in its own right, uh, he was shot right in the back of the head, even though everyone in the uh kitchen was in agreement that saran was a good seven to 10 feet in front of them, uh, they were, there is conflicting - accounts of how many uh bullet holes and bullet wounds were accounted for relative to the number of bullets that were fired by the pistol or the capable being fired by the pistol that he had, yes, the speckling, he had he had he had a powder stippling behind his. as though he was shot directly behind his ear uh even though sir was right in front was in front of him uh you have all the wacky mk ultra stuff uh you have the saran's own claim about being blacked out uh the automatic writing which is very odd uh not very much like uh most assassins diaries because it's not like it's not like it's gibirish or uh or like convoluted conspiracy thinking or like arthur bremmer just sort of banal narciss It's just the same thing over and over again, very odd, and he actually was, I believe he was treated for a head injury, after uh fall from a horse, he was a jockey at a medical institution in California that had ultrafunding, but who knows, um, and then there's the fact that the guy is standing directly behind RFK, the private security guard, was hired out from huge aircraft, uh, than C uh was in possession of a of the exact caliber of pistol that uh was used in the killing uh was all and was employed by uh Huus as I said and the guy in charge of Hus tool was uh the guy this guy Bob Mayhu and Bob Mayhu is one of the most fucking uh Jerry uh James Elroy ass characters in American history he he is like a guy he's the guy when when when when elroy writes about guys in like uh American Tabloit the government fixers and shit he's thinking of Bob May he was an FBI agent uh he was also a CIA asset he uh coordinated uh uh uh the FBI or um the CIA and the mafia's attempts to kill Castro uh and then he went to work for uh Howard Huws. so it's very uh very eyebrow raising, but once again I have no idea. Is the soul real someone asked that's a good question, is the soul real? I think it is, I mean the soul, I would say is defined as just our, it's the human operating off of our understanding, our awareness. or lack of awareness really of what is motivating us, it's it's it's stepping through, it's stepping across the the necessary leap from a partial conception of the world around us to acting on that world, even though we know we don't know everything, that's what continually doing that is what accumulates the spirit, so I mean like it's not a ghost or anything, it's just a... if you you need a word for for the accumulated action, the accumulated choice made in ignorance of every human, you can call that the soul, but you probably can't bust it with a uh with a proton pad, no, it's not the unconscious, is all souls, the unconscious is all experience, the unconsciousness is all matter and humanity and time and space, the the individual soul is is is that that like revolves around the the the partial perception of separateness that we all have by virtue of our individual perception of apparatus that creates an idea of a self, and then we act according to that self, which is just our accumulated perception reduced by our specific ignorance relative to the reality we're trying to perceive and that that and that there's a gap there between the reality we're trying to perceive and the reality that exists and we still have to act, we still have to be, and making that choice is what creates identity, it's basically about perceiving time, right? because like i've said humans conscious beings. to perceive time three dimensionally because we understand time in terms of we have a memory of past, we have a consciousness of present and we can project into the future, but our projections of the future are limited by our data, we can only guess, now the thing is our guesses are better or worse depending on how much sensory data and ability to process it and compare it to other peoples we have, so there is so this is not fixed the gap right, and it's impossible to fully bridge because if someone could fully understand what is leading them to the moment that they're in, fully understand every influence on their on their moment, every every every different thread pushing them, well then they would be able to perceive time completely, they would be able to project forward perfectly all things, they would be able to see literally the future, but we can't do that cuz we're we're we are individual and our our machinery uh and our circumstances are all. essentially and uh and have their own distinct formation effects on us that prevent us from getting to full consciousness of time, and so we can only approximate, we can imagine a future and then move towards one we want, but it's just a guess, and we have to have some sort of uh belief, we have to convince ourself that this is the thing to do, and the thing that drives us to do that is our collection of desires, conscious and mostly unconscious. and that is what pushes us forward, so that is the spirit, that's the soul, and then like the the the task of life is to return be able to try to consciously return that soul to the unconscious. collective soul, because it's separateness that drives our fear of death, and all the the trauma that that piles on top of that. I've never done dmt to my knowledge, somebody might have given me some without my consent, I mean I took it, I thought it was weed, but I didn't ever have a confirmed that was DMT either, it felt weird, but it it certainly wasn't enough to do whatever that people tell me it does, I have never seen a clock. work elf, i would be interested in seeing one though, I would love to go to CPAC again, I would specifically like to go after uh Biden wins, presuming he does, uh, because I think Cpack, I suspect it's much more interesting. when uh the the right is uh uh broken up and is competing for like a new competing between uh sects for for uh for prominence like in the wilderness buse CPAc was a trip but it was just a Trump love fest and that was obviously it was grotesk to watch and seeing his speech is still one of the most surreal experiences of my life but there's a fundamental stop uh like uh stagnants, whereas I would think it would be fun to go there with Biden in there and just see the different, the different prophets coming out to try to uh, you know, whip up support for their particular uh sect, you know, and and and anoint a new Messiah, I think that'd be interesting. All right, I'm gonna ask one, it's one more question and then i got to get out of here. q i i guess there's no good questions, i'll just close on this, somebody said somebody would announced they were q on cpack, i would bet more than one person would have tried to announce there wa on cpack, i could i could see some like junior uh some like hack congressman or something, you're like, hey, if i want to be president, i'll just convince them i'm cute, that would be really funny, he had competing ques, q fight, all right guys, i'm going to peace out, see you.