 Hey guys, I'm out here and guess what, guess what happened, I got it, we're building it. baby, we're putting this mofo together, i'm not going to cook it tonight, i don't if i'm going to get to do it this weekend, i was trying, i was thinking Thursday, but uh, sadly, i think it's going to rain and if it does, i'll probably uh have to postpone till next week, but next time i have freedom, i've got my chimney, somebody told me to get uh, so i got that, and i've got um, got some kingsfords, got some kingsford brichets. going to do it up, first though, we got to put it together, that's the first thing we have to do, all right, so we got to find the little doo hickies, we got to put on these things, i like to think that uh, that charcoal is still made by secretive artisans who go out into the forest and chop down trees and and burn them into coals. secretly plotting to uh overthrow the kingdom of the two siciles, anybody get that reference, anybody gets that reference, congratulations to you, you win uh the dennis miller toat bag, all right guys, here we go, brain like wow jack, oh i don't know if that's good or not. is he stupid? he can also be very smart though, right? rojack or is wojack always dumb? because the thing is is that like so there's the brainlet wojack where wojack stupid and that's considered earnest right? that's that's sort of considered to be him. i always think of the brainy wojacs as sarcastic. the brainy wojack there are never earnest, you never earnestly employ the the brainy wow jack, but you do employ only earnestly the dumm dummy dummy uh... brainlet wow jack making me think that wow jack is inherently dump no this is not going to take that long it's it's i looked at the directions it's actually pretty straightforward and not doesn't not that complicated i mean look what i just did boom i did first step already done already done Look how good I am. One of the things that motivated me to actually, I got this thing over the weekend and what really motivated me today to to build it, I was kind of like, ah, do I really want to do it? I don't know if I'm going to have time to grill even before next week. It was seeing the discourse today by being a fool that I am, and I don't know, I mean I kind of have the excuse that it's part of my livelihood hilariously enough, but going online and seeing that we're having the same arguments exactly the same arguments that. everyone was having before Bernie, and then nothing has changed at all, not even not, you could change, you could just repost all your old posts and the same people would reply with the same posts, why, why would you do that, what, you can't be because you think it's going to change anything, the fact that you're still doing it proves you know nothing will change, so why are you doing it? you need to ask yourself that question, well i put these guys in these guys. These directions are very helpful, they tell you how to do it and then how not to do it, and that's actually good for people like me, I'm I tend to have bad instincts with putting things together and I end up going like, no, no, this is right, and then no, it's a disaster, there we go, Okay, you got to do them all first, all right? Life does come with an instruction manual, it's true. All right, I got the arms, uh, I got the arms ready, now I got to do the other thing, I got to put them on, please don't yell at me, just because... i don't know how to buy buy a grills, webber is a name that i trust, it's anonymous with quality, okay buddy, don't go judging my my grill purchases, i shall not judge your choices in life either, i'm i people need to remember i'm a grill novice, i've been to many a grill but i've never been the grills grill master cuuse i am, i'm a I'm a late capitalist baby man and as a result I had an arrested development, now I'm trying to correct it by reclaiming my male heritage. That's right, me and bronze pervert are going to get a podcast together. Those are that's irony in case anyone was wondering. oh shoot, did i do it wrong? no, i did right. everyone always talks about the big green egg too, that thing seems way too fancy, it does too much stuff, but it's just i don't need to do everything, just give me something to put to grill things in, all right? I'm going to do it. Yes, it's the max waber grill, one of my one of my uh favorite nerd tweets i did, the max webber grill for the slow cooking of hard meats, I do want to do corn, but sadly my grocery store does not have corn. All right, okay, I think this is working, I, I need corn, this is New York, it's a corn desert, I know if I were to go home there'd be corn everywhere, sadly here in the city, no, they've got uh kickama, I would do maybe baked potatoes, right, put potatoes in the in the foil. fish would be really nice, used to do that when i was a kid, fish in in the foil with the lemon, very good. all right, next, what do we do after we snap these puppies in? all right, now we got this triangular thing here, here we go, all right, and now i have to do the... delegate dance of connecting this, i would i would like to try to smoke something, i know that's a little ambitious, but i'd like to try, rub mayo before you wrap them up, i bet that is good, then you can do a lotes afterwards. Oh okay, I got it, I got it, I got it. All right, so this thing it's got to go. All right, it's going to go, yeah, okay, oh, there we go, there we go, okay, all right, All right, thanks, not doing, this isn't going well, I'm being proved to be a soy boy, my soy, my soyness is undeniable at this point, but in my in fairness to me, I am trying to do it and talk, I don't want to leave too much dead air, so I'm not, I'm not as focused as I would normally be, uh, put through one, oh that's why, okay, oh, I get it now, I get i did it wrong, yes, I'm trying to become a soy man and stop being a soy boy. look at the supposed to go through the thing, okay, there we go, oh okay, there we go. All right, now we're cooking. All right, now we're good. All right, see, little trial and error. Look, I'm teasing this out. All right, I might cook something. I might cook something, but I don't think I have enough time. I might. I don't. All I have that's available to cook right now, are some Nathan's hot dogs is a thing. I forgot to take the steak out of the... so freezer so i can't cook it today, that's the problem, all i got is, all i got is some hot dogs, i don't know if that's enough, all right, all right, uh, but what am i going to do, just, i'm here by myself right now, i'm going to eat a bunch of hot dogs and then just uh, we go, one man uh, cony island hot dog eating. test, I was going to start with one steak and I was going to be like, bang, put a steak on the grill, eat it myself, like a guy in a pua video or like a a redpill uh uh man going his own way, I own people with my carnivorous lifestyle, but I i miscalculated, I forgot to unfoll the steak I have, so now I'm stuck, I'm sorry, I just can't bring myself to do that. so i think it'll come, it'll happen, there will be there will be grill streaming, besides, think of it is sort of like uh, the way that those dang Hollywood studios will draw things out at the end, you know, how they had to make two hunger games movies out of one book, getting as much grilled content as i can out of it here, i am on that grind, you guys saw the tweets, you guys saw all all the uh the the... political economy of chapo takes that uh that displayed our reactionary souls to the world. i got to say it is it is pretty funny having people have the exact same arguments that got resolved along the exact same axisses when people basically just got bored and stopped talking about it. i mean is that any ever notice that that's the only way these things ever end is that people just get bored. does that? make you think that maybe it doesn't that all of the talking isn't really doing anything? but i got to say there is, i wouldn't say that we ever encourage this, but the simple fact is like the charge that we're the chapos or grifters or whatever that means never really made sense because it's not like we were saying hey give us money and we're going to elect somebody to a high office or hey give us money we're gonna like start a new like um some new paradigm for something, it was, hey, give us money, you can listen to an episode of us talking, and that was always the deal, and we explicitly said that was the deal, and we said from the first episode like the thing we were. most worried about was giving people the idea that you can do politics through consumption of media, and we said don't do that, but the thing is, we've talked enough about how and I've talked a lot in these streams about how there is no such thing as political action outside of the internet for most people, they can't conceive of it, they don't have anything in their lives that feels even vaguely political, and so they're going to make that assumption, even if they're not even conscious of it, they can't say, oh yeah, I know it's not real, I know it's, I know that this isn't uh politics, but it is, it is, because what else is politics, it's not like there's a lot of practice in your daily-day life that you can look at and say that was a political act, most people are living their lives, they're trying to keep a foot ahead of uh trying to either find a job if they can't or or or you know keep their head above water, they're not really, and they wouldn't know what to do if they wanted to, and even the ones who do want to, find themselves alienated from everything, and so they seek the... only community they can find at the click of a button, which is online, because in their lives it's too difficult, the questions are too hard, the uh, the fear of rejection and the fear of getting alienating people is too high, and also the return is so low, what are you going to do, talk to everybody in your life about politics and then they all just stop talking to you, the internet is there, you're going to find it, and then going there is going to define your own conception of your political identity. and so even though we said it's not politics to listen to the show, and even though I'm sure most people who who listen to the show agree with that, in principle, I think for all of us and myself included, there's an element of self-deception there, just because there's no alternative, you know, and and that is why when like the Bernie campaign hoven to view is like a real nationwide moment that could potentially have uh, shifted. the understanding, the understanding of basic you know political reality by more and more working class people, it was it was, it was worth doing, and our our role with our role related to the campaign was, because we think this is a good thing, we want to tell people to do it, but it's not politics until they do it, you know, there has to be that that alchemy, that decision to get off the couch. and listening to podcast can help you determine what that is by exposing you to things like, hey, here's this candidate, here's this campaign, here's this thing you could do, and then you can follow that up, that provides a context and that provides you with motivation to get up, but the act itself is the real political act, the attempt to impress your will on the world, it's not being impressed on the world on the internet, we collectively impress the world on the internet, but our individual contributions are basically not. existent, all of our all of our meaning comes from our actions and so we benefited from that delusion and we suffer from that delusion, so but i i will say and you of course if the people don't want to believe this they won't, it was never an intentional uh uh, it was never an attempt to mislead, there was never an attempt where we were saying, these idiots don't think this is politics, we knew it wasn't politics, we never thought it was. We knew that what we were doing was creating these friendship a friendship simulator basically for this new group of underemployed uh millennial mostly at the time uh people who are wildly alienated from the political world because of the the it's failure to live up to their expectations of it uh and who went online to find people who shared the same view. so well, I really don't think that any of those criticisms are right, because those people who believe them are at a fundamental level captured by this fantasy in a way that even pointing it out infuriates them, they need us to be political because they need podcast to be political, they need posts to be political, they need that or else their identity is it will be... undermine, I mean, the person who is saying, why aren't you, I wish left this posted harder about defending North Korea than they do about defending Chapo Chappas, it's like, okay, what if they did, why would that make you happy, what, what about that would make you happy and make the world better for you, even just individually, because you can't be delusional enough to think it would mean that anything would change that any of those regimes, oh look, they're able to cooperate against the hegemon more effectively thanks to those posts. you don't really think that, what you think is, those posts about cha make me mad and the post about North Korea make me happy, I would like to see the happy, I would like to see more of my happy posts please, I would like to see more. post that validate me, that's that's what everyone wants, but that's just what you're looking for, you're looking for for identity formation and and uh and validation, it's not political, i i got to get a hammer and a screwdriver, i'll be right back. I'm back. Here we go, now we got to put on these little do hickies to keep the wheel on with the hammer, nice. beltway garage, yeah, the beltway garage has been closed for a bit, but who knows what the future will bring, there we go. We now have, we have wheels, we got some wheels on this bad boy, wheels on this guy, oh no, anyway, this is what it looks like, now we're going to flip it over. There we go, the kettle, the kettle itself, 22 incher, the classic, here will be feasts and delights of the senses and the soul, all right, next. All right, so we put this plate guy in there. having some difficulty with the uh Yeah, I get that. All right, let me ask, let me check a question here, I don't want to get people too any buse, I know you can't really see me when I'm getting in this, but I'm honestly kind of honest, honestly kind of happy because they suck, what, why is it bad? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, just trying to grill. Yeah, there's this hubcap thing, I got to hook it out on the bottom here, I might have to get on the ground, not very, it's a little awkward, I'm well, that's the thing is, I think they're kind of mad that I'm not grilling today, but like I said, uh, the spirit moved me and it was a little too, and it was didn't have time to get my steaks though, And also I want to, I want to stretch this shit out, I might make an... nice marinera sauce tonight though, might do that. kind of been feeling like i want. i mean, that is a good point. actually if i wanted to be up my ass here, and let's do it, let's get up my own ass for a minute. oh, the reason i should show, the reason it's good that i'm streaming, building the grill before i even think of grilling on the stream is that you can't skip steps. it's one of the key things. that's why you end up on the internet all. thinking you're doing politics, because you look for a place that will be emotionally validating without stopping to realize how far you abstracted yourself away from your actual day-to-day life, so you can't just eat the hot dog or the steak until you have built the grill, put in the dang coals, lit up the dann coals, heated up the dang coals, it's all necessary, and the act of doing it impregnates it all with more meaning, build. a grill makes you appreciate the grill more. what is happening to my brain? that's a good question. i've been asking myself that same thing and i don't know. people have opinions, that's for sure. people got a lot of opinions. i don't really know yet. the jury is out in my opinion. i guess that is my only opinion is that the jury is out. all right, i'm going to do the i'm going to do the pie plate. later, it's not that important right now, i'm going to put in the grills, and the big boy, all right, now you got your classic uh, now you got your classic set up here, your classic American, all-american setup, uh, uh, yeah, I want to do corn, um, I would like to do peppers, uh, I've actually found that like those blistered peppers are really good and they'd be really good on a grill, uh, definitely that, uh, potatoes like I said, well, somebody says don't do beer can chicken, I don't know. i don't what i want to do, i have some, the thing is i have a bunch of steaks in my freezer, i got to get through before i think of doing anything else, i want to get those bag bad boys cook, i also have some pork shoulder that i like i said, my dream would be to uh to smoke that one, but i know that's more, that's more ambitious, i'm going to need a little more time, but be sure that i can pull that one off uh, and then oh i got to put the cover on here, that's what that's for, oh yeah, they got to keep thi things branded, very clever, but I also would love to do um the beyond sausages because I've been eating more of those. Felix is basically kind of gilting me into it because I don't really at this point even have you can't even have much of a flavor objection because those things are damn good uh and I think they'd be good in a grill so I'd also like to do some sauce and uh those their patties are good too oh man lamb kebabs and That sounds fantastic, oh Jesus, I'm going to do it, how am I marinating the steaks? I think I'll probably do marination, marinate that bad boy, I don't know, oh it goes through both, probably do it, maybe overnight, a couple hours, I have no idea. i mean they're really good so i don't i'm not too worried about i'm not tasing good ooh lobsters i have done i did a grill lobster tail it was phenomenal and that's a really good idea I mean honestly the fact that Hank Hill used was was a propane salesman, you could kind of look at it as an interesting case in ideological formation, you know, because um upton sinclair had a famous quote where he said, no, um, no man can understand something if his paycheck depends on him not understanding it, and so if you're a hank Hill, I don't know how he got into the propane game, but if he didn't come at it from love, if he came out it out of necessity, over time. he would convince himself that propane was better, even though in his heart, his his fucking texas heart, he knows that's not, he knows that it's all coals, so he's literally like lobotomizing himself to to reduce the cognitive dissonance of alienating his labor on behalf of an inferior meat grilling uh method. he is a he is a sham, he is he is unmanned and all of his masculin virtue signaling is just a hollow pathetic attempt to to reclaim agency over a life that is essentially as a surf in on the on the properties of uh of Mr. dricklit, I mean the main thing is is that it's not, I don't have anywhere near the space back here for a grill for a fucking propane, I barely have enough for this, all right, now it's time to screw the... with the handle guy on to the head guy over here, yeah, grill, grill. Yeah, and the funny thing is is I know that those like beyond burgers and shit, they're probably just as deadly, but at least I'm not hurting other animals, just me, and I have it coming, so it's fine. It's like you get through, you get through a certain level. like there's one level of enlightenment where it's like oh my pleasure doesn't have to come at the expense of these animals then there's another level where uh oh i can get something that's similar but it's still killing me and then you get to the point where you say it doesn't matter that it's killing me at least it's not killing them and then you get to the point where you realize i don't actually have to eat this salty thing to enjoy to enjoy my life that i can i can find pleasure in all experiences if i apply myself to them with the right mindset. all right, so i got this guy on here, i got to screw, anybody got a scrogi, i got to screw this guy on here, there's a little wing nut guy, i find my little wing nut, grafy my little wingnut, no, i don't mean ben shapiro, boom, drop the mic, mic has been dropped, now i'll probably like move through the the the ranks of the animal kingdom just like uh felix has away from bigger bigger more expressively. faced more sympathetic animals uh, like it'll be hard for me to ever really care about chickens, the way that chickens are exploited, of course, yes, but like the the plat, like the the kind of the idea of a chicken getting killed in general, never giving up my oyster, so i'm never giving up my little, my little salty darlings, all right, i got to screw these guys in here with something. did i not get that piece or am i miss did i forget to bring it out? i can't find that screw, i can't do it. i hope i didn't lose it somewhere. very anti-climactic. I hope I didn't lose the screw, this is not, this is once again not redounding to my uh benefit as a heman, yes, yes, I am a Wisconsin night, but love Boysters, but I am a coastal Wisconsin night, remember, the the call of Open Ocean is is is deeply part of... me as my being as anybody who grows up next to the next to either of the of the great oceans of the world because uh cuuse lake michigan and the great lakes are inland oceans and in the sense of you stand before them and they have the enormity of the sea, you can't see across them, they contain, they they consume, uh, in fact uh, I might read from Mobi Dick on this point, oh yes, I will read from the man himself on the subject of our third coast. in describing a character known as Steel Kilt uh he refers to him as a lake man and in in this uh chapter qu or uh Ishmael is talking to some spaniards in Peru uh about the experiences of a ship where there was a a mutinie and one of the mutaneers the mutaneer leader was named Steel Kilt a Lakeman. from Buffalo, and they asked him what those words mean, and he says, on the eastern shore of our lake iridon, but I crave your courtesy, maybe you shall soon hear further of all that. Now, gentlemen, in squares brigs and three-masted ships, well n as large and stout as any that ever sailed out of your old kalau to far far Manila. This lakeman, in the landlarked heart of our America, had yet been nurtured by all those agrarian free booting impressions popularly connected with the open ocean, for in their interface. growing aggregate, those five fresh, those grand fresh water seas of ours, iri and Ontario, and Huron and Superior, Michigan, possess an ocean-like expansiveness, with many of the ocean's noblest traits, with many of its rimmed varieties of races and and of climes, they contain round archipelagos of romantic isles, even as the Polynesian waters do, in large part are shored by two great contrasting nations as the Atlantic is. They furnish long maritime approaches to our numerous territorial colonies from the east, dot. all around their banks here and there are frowned upon by batteries and by the goat like craggy guns of lauffty macchinaw. they are heard the fleet thunderings of naval victories. at intervals they yield their beaches to wild barbarians whose red painted faces flash from out their peltry wigwams for leagues and leagues are flanked by ancient and unentered forests where the gant pines stands like serieed lines of kings and gothic geneologies. those same woods harbor wild afric beasts of prey and silken creatures whose exported Furs give robes to tarter emperors. They mirror the paved capitals of Buffalo and Cleveland as well as Winnebago villages. They float a like the full rigged merchant ship, the armed cruiser of the state, the steamer and the beach canoo. They are swept by borrian and dismasting blasts as direful as any that lash the salted wave. They know what shipwrecks are, for out of sight of land, however inland, they have drowned few full of many a midnight ship with all its shreaking crew. Thus, gentlemen, though an inlander steel kilt was wild ocean born and wild. nurtured, as much as an audacious mariner as any, and for Randy, though in his infancy, he may have laid him down on the lone Nantucket beach to news at his maternal sea, though in after life he had long followed our steer Atlantic and ear contemplative Pacific, yet is was he quite as vengeful and full of social quar as the backwood seamen, fresh from the latitudes of buchorn handled bowy knives, yet was this Nantucketer a man with some good hearted traits, and this lakeman a mariner, who do though a sort of devil indeed might yet be inflexible firmness, own only tempered by that common decency of human recognition, which is the meanest slaves right, thus treated, this steel kilt has long been retained harmless and dossel, at all events, he had broed so far thus, but radney had doomed and made mad and steel killed, but gentlemen, you shall hear, edmond fitzgerald, exactly uh, no, the third coast, i remember i did, i i i said i tweeted something about coastal Wisconsin the other day and people freaked out, it's a coast, and I honestly do feel like there is something cultural different about living by water, and obviously it's you, it starts with the fact that people have to go by water because you need water to live and to get things from one place to another, absent uh and absent mechanical power, but there's something else, there's a feedback loop. I mean what's how it's it's weird like it's the only part of the non it's really the only part of the country other than uh the coast that routinely voted democratic. even though it's it's demographics are pretty much the same as the rest of the seeding mass of square state reaction, i'll take your word for it on duth, i've never been. I'm still trying to figure out what happened to those uh nuts yeah Joe Joe Per is great I know he's from Buffalo and the funny thing is it's the same accent too. Rochester, Buffalo, those people have the flat nasal vowels of the upper Midwest, from Michigan across to uh coastal Wisconsin, and then you get in, you get past the coast and it turns into the fargo accent, which is real and is associated with the inland square head uh Scandinavians, who make up western Wisconsin and Minnesota. and that's the thing, I mean obviously these terms are all uh arbitrary, but the mid-west, even though I have a pretty strong opinion about what I think the definition of the Midwest is, I think a strong argument could be made that there are different different mid-wests and and that state, you know, a state like Indiana to me is less similar to Wisconsin than you, northern New York is, like I said. and that is why Ohio is such a weird one, and honestly it's why it's the most midwestern state. Ohio is the is the midwestern state, and it is because the northern tier uh is is that, it's on the water, uh, it has even the same, even the same uh settler group, uh, the the wester. Reserve in Northern Ohio was settled by the same uh congregationalist uh ex-puritans from New England who settled Wisconsin and Michigan um and then the southern half was settled by butternut uh uh southerners from Virginia and uh and Tennessee and Kentucky and that that is the Midwest you know because Indiana is much more butternut than uh than Ohio is uh and you got Illinois which is basically entirely butternut except for Chicago. uh, but then like Wisconsin is not really butternut at all, and that's why I think it's it's it was reliably more democratic, uh, because these things have residences that echo through history, um, or at least they had a contributing role anyway, uh, so Ohio has everything, whereas not all the other midwestern states have almost that perfect balance of the things that shape the mid-west, the the the first migration, like settler migration patterns before, subsequent, because obviously then you get the Germans, you get the Germans. and you get the German triangle between St. Louis, Cincinnati and Milwakee, that's but that's all laid on top of the first uh generations who set the like cultural firmament that then got built up upon. Butternuts are were the name for settlers and recent emigrays and who had moved to the northwest territories of Ohio and Illinois and Indiana from Virginia. like move cuuse everybody just kept moving kind of straight across once this once the northwest passage northwest territory opened up to settlement after the revolution because we were mostly fighting for the right to keep expanding past the appellations which the british said no to because they didn't want to pay for it so everybody once they started moving they moved basically straight west so new englanders settled northern the northern there of uh the midwest and uh the tide water and uh and like border south uh borders border southerners uh did the lower tier of the Midwest because like you got a state like Wisconsin which is almost entirely which is all which is pure New England congregational and you got a state like michig Missouri which is some people consider the mid-west uh and in some definitions I guess you could say it's arguable but that's all butternut but what they have in common is then that overlaying of German immigration from the mid-1800s uh and that german immigration by the way is the only reason Missouri did not join the confederacy because once the secession started the uh German citizens of St. Louis essentially which was the only major city of any size in in the in the in the in the state immediately mobilized militia forces that were able to drive the uh pro-confederate uh political faction out of out of the cities and they then allowed the union to like march in, but those - anyway, i could talk all day about the mid-west. "the Germans hated the slave power because they saw it as as, they saw it as class domination, they saw it as rich, dominating poor, and just because the uh it was black people today, it would be white people if things were different, which as I've discussed on the show, at the very high levels of planter society is what they thought." they thought, why are you having these dumb uh irish immigrants running around your cities and paying them you know pennies to live in tenaments and and work in your factories when you could just keep them keep them in a in a humane conditions uh under control and but but like the the overlay of race and of of and the fact that so many people were directly or indirectly related to slavery as an institution in the south ch uh made that impossible to see. but the the Germans showed up and they didn't have any of that, they didn't have any investment in slavery as an institution, they didn't have the ideological uh uh, the ideological structures that grown up around slavery, so they just saw it as as exploitation, as as another element of of of of workers, not just some of them thought of it as workers against uh against capital, but a lot of them were thinking about fucking the way that prussia just marched back into the Rhineland and and and and and snuffed out all the attempts to to create a unified Germany, instead you had these fucking this uh lutheran psychos in Prussia, ruling Catholic Rhineland, and nobody's happy about that, but they saw the same uh, they saw the same pattern, so they were, they were foes of princes. Yes, because because and the Irish were the opposite because the Irish were generally poorer and had a harder time uh, beca uh assimilating into the United States, which means that they were lower in the labor pool, lower, lower on the labor and social totem pole and had more interest in maintaining a racial distinction. to keep them on the right side of getting enslaved. yeah, talking about Carl Sherres, was kind of got shitty after the war, but of course the king of this is my boy August Village, somebody told me that they were writing an August Village biography, which was a project a long time ago. I wanted to do, but I was stimied by german and fractor uh, and then I started doing the podcast and I was like, I'll just talk about him all the time, that's way less work, um, but if he does it, I hope, I hope it comes out, I would love to read it. I it's funny, I've tried learning dude, I i i had, I german my entire collegiate life, I just, I can't, I mean, maybe now would be different, maybe I would take a different approach, I think my elasticity is fucked, I just don't have a brain for it, it's similar with math, I think... there's shit in my brain where they just got some bad wiring and some places are and other related to symbolic orders and like abstraction and stuff becuse you can do very good abstract reasoning but not along not if it's outside of the the the the terms of english language if it's not english language my understanding of what the symbols mean just kind of goes away and i can't hold them in my head long enough to move them around and that's true of math and foreign languages i really don't know why it is i mean of it is i was lazy, but it also was very, very difficult, seemed harder for me than others, i don't know, oh man, the the garibaldi and the civil war thing is fun, i mean it's not as real as people like to think it is, is the deal, it's not like geribaldi was almost a union general uh, what happened is somebody offered on behalf of the of the America but not authorized by Lincoln is the thing, offered him a generalship, and and he said, "I'll do it if you say the end slavery." and then Lincoln said no, and honestly it was probably more of just a way to get out of a thing that he didn't want to do anyway, I mean he had never authorized in the first place, uh, but the thing is is that the war that Geribaldy would have fought is a war that the United States couldn't have authorized in 1861 because it would have been a revolutionary war, and the American and the American position from Lincoln to from Lincoln that everyone signing up to fight to everyone on the home front for the most part except for radicals was relatively was not revolutionary at all, because gerballi would have done the things, he would have taken the the the the contraband strategy of you know freemont at Butler and and turned it into a a like a kind of, I mean he was sort of a per that, he would have turned it into like an army, like like he would have like I talked about when the idea of Tusat rolling through uh the underbelly of of the deep south out of uh French Louisiana, I just... collecting troops as he moved uh, obviously that has logistical problems, but it also uh has benefits, but it would have required uh making ending slavery, the central goal of the war from day one, and and trusting, arming and authorizing the idea of arming and and training um ex- slaves immediately, yeah, it's uh, It's one of those deals where the conditions, the actual material conditions would not have allowed it, but it is a cool idea to think about, certainly would have imagined a different reconstruction, Felix, I don't think is vegan yet, but he's pretty close, my worry though is that he basically just eats replacement meat instead of meat. and like you guys have said, that stuff has got a lot of sodium, woodworking sounds really good, i've always thought that would be fun, but i'm i'm very physically disinclined in a way that i think could uh, especially i don't want to make too much noise around here too. what i consider my best practical skill? ooh, that's a touffy, i really, i'm pretty good driver, i guess, i am a pretty good driver, some some disagree, but i know i'm cracked. i have tried pottery, i think i have to to go into it into a with a very open mind and i think i could do that now, i've been trying to draw a little more as a thing because i used to draw a lot as a kid before i got horny basically uh and used to draw civil war battle scenes, big ones like three or four pieces of paper like a cyclorom at gettiesburg. I've looked at them as an adult, they're not terrible, I can't draw hands though, like no one can draw fucking hands. If I could be a correspondent for any war, what would it be? Well, it's got to be the Spanish civil right? Come on, Madrid, dodging the bombings with hemmingway and gelhorn and fucking Johnso and shit, fucking or well being a prick. Ah yes, the 100 years war, that is a good one, mostly cuz it's mostly, it's very few battles, you got your Agin court and patre. and shut, but it's mostly sies and then just going out and burning down a village, just doing gregar klegaine in the trident shit, chevuches, hey, we're going to do some war. what is that? we're just going to stab some peasants and burn a bunch of wheat. and then you have i think one of the most interesting things about the uh the hundred years war, the jacare where peasants were like, you keep getting your ass kicked and we keep getting stabbed to death by these fucking british assholes, what are you doing, like what are what is this, what is this whole aristocracy thing doing? you guys are supposed to be bad asses, you know like night. Knightly authority comes from military prowiss, like that's that's who got, that's who the uh, that's the second estate is, and so they had a huge peasant revolt uh, massacred the shit out of a bunch of uh fat lords for getting them keep for getting them killed, and then they they just got their assets kicked. now no respect for Henry, he was a button masher, or I'm sorry Henry 5th, Henry the 5th was a fucking buttonher. he just hit, he hit welsh longbowman over and over again, like a i wouldn't respect him uh as a, it's like he's like the guy plays street fighter and just does ehonda and just does the hand the whole time, i'm talking about me because i am a bad video game player and a button masher, so yeah, if you're as good at war as i am at video games, you get no respect for me. I love moth mana, in fact I want to do something about moth mana, specifically, um, the book, uh, the moth man prophecies, which is so good and weird, and it still amazes me the movie that they made out of that piece of shit, amazes me, the terrible movie, John Keel is like an all-time weirdo. like an American like classic, and they and they had Richard Geer play him as just this sleepwalking douche, just like all the different theories, all the different like the thing about mothman is it's not just mothman, the mothman stuff was happening at the same time as an insane bunch of weird ass alien stuff and not just close encounters you know of the second kind like people having long conversations with aliens, people going out into space and coming back or at least claiming to have, people getting visited by men in black, it's like it's just it's a prism of all of that jet age uh paranoia in a small west virginia town which then had a fucking giant bridge collapse, yes i would like to do some more about mosman. uh the alternative dimension theory of aliens, that's the only theory that makes sense uh, i i highly doubt that any civilization would get to a level of advancement allowing for actual interstellar travel through space by itself, but possible to imagine one getting to the point where it could, like interpose at its own will direction through the quantum space and then into another area because obviously you multiverse yes it's infinite it's it's exploding it's coming out of every there's there's multi it's it's it is rick and morry annoyingly is basically right no time travel just dimensional travel that is what actually would be but then the... thing is that could technically be time or i'm sorry uh they have i'm talking about space travel both of them but either space travel or time travel would be essentially dimensional travel not actually going through time from one temple to another or space from one place to another. i don't think either one of those are possible through any kind of technological uh advancement but going through either cuz if i go through the quantum space and find another parallel dimension that started a little later. or a little earlier, then you're at a different point in time, and if it's similar to my world in almost every other respect, it's for all intense and purposes, I'm going back in time, but what this means and this is very important, is that time travel cannot work like it does in back to the future or uh looper or anything where if you do something to yourself in the future after you come back, it does something to you, like where the guys how gets cut off? and then his ar his kid version arm gets cut off and his arm gets cut off or when they fade out like in back to the future, nope, every time you go back you are creating a new reality. there, but the one you came from is the same, nothing has changed, you cannot change the future by going back in the past, not for the people experience it, only for different people in a different dimension, so there is no, so that resolves the whole grandfather paradox thing, you create a new world where that person didn't exist, you go there, you're not there and you can hang out there, you go back to where you were, so you if you if they ever develop time travel, it can just be really for entertainment purposes only, you can't change anything, you don't even need time cop because it's impossible, it'll it might fuck up other dimensions, but the one you're in, nothing will have changed, the clapping should be beginning shortly, actually it hasn't happened yet. Yeah, exactly, you're not traveling through time, you're going to a different dimension that happens on a different time scale, but is otherwise the same, so it has the same people, and this is the same historical development of humanity down to the individual level, I hear a little. It's quiet, this is the quietest spend that I've noticed, I think people are sick of it. You know what it is, I think people are sick of it here, this not clapping anymore is sort of the lib version of wanting to go to Lake of the Ozarks or uh red lobster or something, it signals that even they are running out of that sense of self-worth that comes from denying, denying themselves by staying in. All time is simultaneous, correct, yes, we're not going to be able to ignore the second wave, but I think we're going. to try to to be normal through it and that's going to be very weird cuz i really don't think they're going to do another shelter in place i don't think they can muster the the will for one but people are still not going to go out as much because they're still going to be afraid of getting it so that's a weird limbo and i don't know how viable how long it can last how adorable it is how durable. Yeah, everyone's rolling, I think the antibody test might help if that becomes more widely available and they're ramping up actual testing for this thing itself, so who knows, I don't know. That might change things. is there this name, everybody is there some sort of meme making fun making pretending that i'm a web, is this happening? people keep people keep making web references here, i don't know, and i and i'm like, i'm not, not one of you, but no, i'm actually my guess is that's i bet that honestly i think most of that fucking ufo stuff is bullshit. the fact that it's it's part of this like this, it's wrapped up in a TV show, I mean come on man, come on man, uh, there will be no dem convention in July, so not going uh, because it does not gonna exist, because it is not going to be, in the interest of the party, the party is the democratic party's interests are not uh served by having a convention, because it will look like things are normal, and their whole deal is going to be Mr. Notnormal made everything not normal, we have to stay home, can't have a convention, not to mention the fact that they have an actual split in the party a little bit, they don't want to exacerbate it. Trump on the other hand has to have one, because if even the republicans are staying home that undermines the entire thing that he's been saying for the past four months, but at the same time, how how much are these rich old people willing to to to risk their lives, because these people are a little, you know, they're I think a little less cool drinky, but i i don't think Maybe that generation is gone, maybe they're all cool, they've all cool laid all the time and they are all going to just run into the mall of death, and if they do that, I will be there, I will, I will go to the Charlotte Convention if it happens, for sure. No, like, how, how do you beat that, how do you, how do you, how do you not go to like the plague convention, how do you not go to to, the orange rape? this game show man, the cheeto himself presiding over a bang arena filled with carbuncular jackles all coughing in each other's faces and some sort of weird death ritual, while outside the economy is in ruins and they're stacking bodies and fucking refrigerated trucks, that's fucking that is bosh and not the show on amazon and i got a it eat your heart 1968, suck me. I'm probably not going to die. I think I don't know, I mean if I've had it by then, maybe I'll do it. If I haven't had it by then maybe I won't, but I don't know, I'm kind of getting to the point where I kind of think everyone's going to get it. Oh, I will definitely be well, well uh, well tinkatured to go to that, but rest assured. Biden might refuse to, see that's the thing is that Biden might refuse to debate Trump, especially if he's up in the polls. Um, now that would be very funny for a democrat to do that, because that's the kind of shit that they fetishize and love, uh, so it would be very hard to justify it in a way that didn't just reveal, oh, his brain doesn't work and he doesn't want to talk, but if it's necessary, they'll figure out a way, they always do, they always buckle. but the main reason it won't happen whether one of them is going to say no or there's going to be some third wave that uh a second wave thing that just knocks the whole thing off the front pages and we just have military rule and one way or another we're not we're not lucky enough to have that debate a world where Trump and Biden are the nominees is not a world where you get to watch them debate - guys, I'm sorry, uh, this is mostly done, the only other thing I don't have, the only thing I haven't done is screwed the handle on, but that'll take two minutes when I get this bolt, and if I can't, I'll go buy one. uh, so that's step one, the grill is basically ready, it will be fully prepared, fully functional, it'll be a fully armed and operational death star in time, sometime I think next week, I do have a chimney, thank you for whoever first suggested a chimney, I made sure to get one, I'm all set. uh and I'm going to start grilling, I'm hoping to do a steak, a test steak next week. All right, talk to you guys, bye-bye.