 "there's a man going round taking names, and he decides who to free and who to blame, everybody won't be treated all the same, there'll be a golden ladder reaching down, when the man comes around, the hairs on your arms, will stand up and the terror and each sip and in each supp, you partake of that last offered cup or disappear into the potter's ground, when the man comes around, whoever is unjust, let him be unjust still, whoever is righteous, let him be righteous still, whoever. is filthy, let him be filthy, so listen to the words long written down, when the man comes around, and I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts, saying, come and see, and I behold a white horse, and the name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him. my favorite part of that section of of the Bible that from the book of revelation when they're interducing the four horseman is the part where uh like it's all this bad ass metal shit like oh my god like these the guy's got a sword and he's slaying a quarter of the earth or whatever and then they get to famin and it's like he's got a he's got a balance and he's making sure that you know the... price of uh of he's basically doing a price check at at piggly wiggly in the middle of the apocalypse he's like no forget uh it's a penny for uh for a rod of weed or whatever the fuck like i'm sorry there's guys with like giant swords and sickles and they're destroying half of the price of the earth could you could we talk about this later maybe? but that's the thing about famin is it's not really about food, it's about uh money, it's about affording it, not whether it exists, and so at the end of the at the end of l, i think that's a good reminder, that guy from uh that horseman and his introduction that uh, when it comes, when the end comes, whatever end you're fantasizing, there's still going to be somebody there with a fucking uh price gun, you're still going to have to pay for it, it's not going to be uh, it's not going to be some carnival free for all where uh all of the established structures have bound you in life and fallen away, no, no, those are going to hang on till the bitter fucking end. i was looking for that quote again, the whole thing. Yes, and I saw another horse that was red, and the power was given to him that sat up thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another, and there was given unto him a great sword, that's bad ass, that's fucking metal, and when he opened the third seal, I heard the third b say, come and see, and I be held, and low a black horse, and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand, wait a minute, what? balances, and I heard a voice in the midst of the fb say, "A measure of wheat for a penny and three measures of barley for a penny," and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine. Oh, cool. That's bad ass. But then he opened the fourth seal and I heard the voice of the fourth beast say come and see, and I looked and behold a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him, and power was given under them over the fourth part of the earth. to kill with sword and with hunger and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. I never get how you're supposed to kill with death, like you. kill with hunger, kill with uh war, how do you kill with death? like the concept of death, dumb, i mean the guy was tripping balls on mushrooms on patmos, we can't take him too seriously, but of course we have to understand. as a metaphor uh for the end times, and I honestly feel like the enlightenment and and modernity in the in the west has done a good job of obscuring a fundamental truth, which is that Christianity is and always was in its original carnation in its conception, in its narrative, in in its in its symbolic architecture is a a apocalyptic movement, it is a, you could call it a death cult, but I think that's honestly negative too pejorative. But I think that that's that's because the... the promise of Christianity, it's it's solution to the problem of existence, which the Jews had tackled with their notion of a covenant, of a god who has a particular covenant with them, uh, that was a very effective mechanism, and it was uh, it was resilient in a way that previous religious traditions just weren't, but then in first century Palestine uh, it was facing the reality of uh of long-term domination by others, you know, oh, these Romans aren't going anywhere, how are we to live, and Christianity what is the answer to that, Christianity was to uh, open the covenant to all, uh, what that meant was changing your relationship, the way you perceive other people, uh, making all of them members of a a family, that's just children of God, everybody, now to do that, you either have to be a a person who can strip themselves of all earthly desires, of all uh uh human uh connections to be Christ himself to be a figure like Christ, well we're not Christ, we're fallen, we cannot be him, uh, and so that means that we have to live as humans, surrounded by uh, misery, exploitation, injustice, uh, a fundamental uh, alienation between people that occurs when you have a... society based on hierarchy of uh rights and of uh exploitation of some by others like that is that is that is the snake in the fucking garden of human events is is that it's it's that curdled thing running through all human relationships, it's the domination that defines a social order. And if you're going to have a large number of people embracing Christianity, well that means living as Christians and that means abolish those structures, because they cannot, they cannot survive true Christian brotherhood, anything else is something else, and that's what happened when Christianity was uh, absorbed by the Roman empire early Christians attempted to live in common uh and they were able to do so you know in in in small areas and temporarily, but uh christianity if it was going to be a lived existence required either a elevation of spirit or a radically changed social relationship, because if you're just a... regular person, if you aren't touched by God, but you do feel the connection that God represents. you and you have a, you are drawn to it as most of us are, then you will want to live in uh harmony with others, and if a bunch of people want to live that way, then the social realities, the human nature shit that's supposed to require domination as the as the basic relationship in a social order. That's dissolved, it's replaced by uh, the fact that you have people who literally don't want to do anti-social things, they don't want to harm one another, they don't want to violate rules, because everyone is treating each other like a Christian, IE, like they're in the description of heaven, that that God gives or that Jesus gives that that people imagine when they imagine heaven. Heaven can be made on earth, but only through the destruction of uh domination, because a community of people with a shared vocabulary of virtue, not exploiting one another, that is the escotom, that is the end of the world, that is the end of the world as we know it, that is the next world, the world to come that is described. uh by Christ, but once Christianity becomes the religion of power, then that uh apocalypticism, which is I would argue a positive apocalypticism, an attempt to to uh reach a uh to redefine, to break the the the bonds that hold us uh to to redeem ourselves as members of uh species that is fundamentally connected to a biosphere, like to to live us with to repair the breach that exists between the human individual psychy. and the uh ecosystem that they're part of, which is what all religion seeks to do, but but forgetting about what it is turned into and reeified culturally, which is of course the opposite, because it's put to the use of maintaining social order, which is domination, the instinct, the thing that gets people to create it and follow it when there's no money in it and when there has not been, it's not been refied by power uh is a real desire to heal that breach, and that early christian desire. is, I can either still live among people and suffer with them, but suffer in the knowledge, you know, that that uh God, that Jesus has redeemed us and that by believing in him, I will go to heaven, and really believing that, if you really believed it, you could live amongst men, you could turn the other cheek, you could suffer. or if you don't have it in you to do that, you can live as Christians and therefore break reality. Of course, you can't really do that when you have the Roman empire breathing down your neck and so you had christianity's persecution, you have christianity being a... sect, and when that's the case, when you can't live as brothers, when you're compelled to live under the threat of death in this misery pit, this slave society, well then you need a story to keep you going, and the story that you got was, this will all be over soon, your faith will be rewarded in this life, that's the important thing. because yes, but heaven smeven, heaven gains its, i would argue that heaven is a concept, gains its depth and its uh, it's emotional resinance and its symbolic power, as Christianity becomes more and more connected to power, to reinforcing power, becomes part, becomes integrated into a power structure. because life on earth is increasingly under under regimes of power, assumed to continue, that's why we're doing all this to keep doing it, that's the only reason anything. anyone is in this thing is the belief that it will advantage them in this life, so you're not going to get the apocalypse in life uh, and you're not going to overcome the miseries and the sins of humans on this earth, you're going to get heaven, you're going to get all that stuff. after you die, but in that intermediate space, that early Christian era, you had the apocalypticism of the book of revelation. don't worry, this is all going to be over, as many people have pointed out, the number of the beast is the kabolic number of the emperor Nero, who was in the process of persecuting the shit out of the Christian. when the book of revelation was being written and so those that earlysism is is the is the yearning for that coming to b of course what up happening is individual christians die and they are either and the faith of our community is what maintains our faith, that is the most important part is that it is a community of believers and is the actions of believers that reinforce the truth, and that is why early martirdom is so important, then Christianity becomes the state religion of the Roman empire. because the old justifications for power were losing their power, they were literally waining in their ability to command the minds of men, and way too many people at the base, and this was the important part, no many people at the base of this system were embracing this new religion, it had to be dealt with, and and it got past the point where it could be persecuted away, so it had to be uh absorbed and the system, and so that means that the apocalypticiism of Christianity gets repressed, but only temporarily, and you will, I think that you can chart in the history of Christianity, and post christianity, like western secularism is just a type of Christianity, and that it is the moral system of Christianity, robbed of the supernatural, robbed of the of the narrative that held it together, the stuff that was really only able to be believed by the center of gravity of the uh population because of ignorance. so throughout that. history, so you're talking, I would say the rise of the medieval Christian church, after you know, you got the fall and everything, uh, a fall of, I'm talking about in in in western Europe, not not the byzantines, they got their own thing going on, but in the in the in the west, uh, after the fall of Rome, you had this tumolt, this this process of uh, Christianity sort of spreading across Pagan Europe. and and conquering uh and a lot one of the things that helped make that happen uh was the fact that the bureaucracy of the Roman empire which was varied and and uh deep and and uh a powerful social technology didn't just completely uh collapse with the Roman empire those guys those people still had their skills, they still had their relationships, they didn't just all decide to go... farm be fuck would do that, i mean so civilization exists to avoid farming, like that's what it started off civilization starts off as a survival mechanism, a way to keep the group together in the face of changing uh climactic conditions and and outside forces and eventually becomes a social, religious world, a shared universe premised on the idea of avoiding having to farm, the thing that makes this all possible, which is also the most tedious and unfree experience you can have as a human, because you're you are literally wetted to the land, and in doing it, you're doing manual labor, which is monotonous, repetitious and physically painful, and you got to do it in all the weather, so those guys don't just go back farming, they become the bureaucracy of the emergent church. and they begin a top-down war basically on the uh folk beliefs of uh European uh peoples, barbarians, basically and of course former Roman subjects who by that point had largely been christianized though uh, and they were the it started usually with rulers who were forced to convert as uh conditions of military defeat, oh chose to convert in order to uh trade and and make deals uh and then missionaries and uh and civic enforcement turns folk paganism into Christianity and that is what the early church is, it is a fusion of this apocalyptic cult of universal humanity that of course is in the structure now of a uh state supporting institution uh being fused to uh the very particular grounded non-universal cosmology of European Paganism. And you can very easily. it could very, it could be very truly said that like the roman, the western Roman emperor was replaced by the pope, he had basically the same job, and you might say, well, he had vastly less temporal power than uh the Roman emperors, but if you take it not as this point where Roman power collapses, but as a point where it transitions, it's a natural withering away of power. and in the process of sort of protecting itself it built up these uh the church built up these civic uh institutions like the holy Roman empire like all the royal houses these uh hierarchies of power from amongst the the the European tribal uh population sanctified now by this christian god that creates a fundamental at the heart of Christianity that expresses itself in periodic, punctuated period, punctuated periods of apocalyptic fervor, and that is the history of Christianity from the middle ages to the present, is this imperial ideology, this ideology that exists to keep people slaving for others to keep exploitation and domination at the heart of human relationships, but also tells people, that all our brothers, that they are part of a community of believers that demands a relationship to the world around them that if was followed by everybody, the way that a community of believers you think would, would not have domination, would not have war, would not have uh sin as it was understood, it would not have misery, like we We all believe in Christ and yet there is war, we all believe in Christ and yet there is misery and suffering caused by Christians committed against other Christians. How, how is this possible? And that contradiction fuels periodic upsurges of apocalyptic fervor, which are then violently expressed. through revolts and uh military actions and uh every other sort of uh just physical violence pushed outward and inward somewhere to to take this energy uh and then after that extinguishes itself and power remains or power has been transformed by it and a order is reestablished for a while until it erupts so in Europe. the first big one is unsurprisingly around the millennium. Christ was supposed to uh bring back like literally. like when Christ checks out, he basically says to the apocalyp to the to the apostles, to everyone reading, he says, you guys hang tight, I'll be right back, that's it, that's what people thought, it's been a thousand years, and we finally got to the point around the turn of the millennium where you have sufficient uh build up of of... structures, like uh, kinghoods and feudal structures that have real powerful day-to-day legitimacy, and therefore you have people who are within them, and finding them wanting and horrible, and what this leads to is this: explosion of uh, you see this explosion of fervor as people lose their patience, basically, as they say, as they look at the world and find evidence that it's going to happen soon, and I will be saved by it, and then of course the question becomes, what can I do to bring it about? and one and the big result of uh the the first big like millennial uh apocalyptic uh mania is that it led it could be channeled by secular powers and by uh the papacy towards the sort of proto-imperial project of the crusades hey we got all these riled up fucking peasants and restless second sons of the uh nobility, what do we do about him? we'll send them to reclaim the holy land. surely that will bring about the end of the world. surely Christ's uh, Jerusalem, the holy city city being reclaimed but for Christ will bring him back. and so a bunch of fucking guys marched halfway across Europe uh at the behest of a fucking hobo uh preacher slaughtering uh... Jews as they went, of course, because that's another big component of millenniary christianity uh, and went and amazingly took back Jerusalem, which really is genuinely shocking when you think about how Ramshackle and uh unorganized the first crusade was, but it was because they caught the arabs looking really, like they were in the middle of one of their periodic. conflicts over the caliphate and they were all fighting each other, but this was not the only place where that that apocalyptism manifested itself, uh, you had in Europe, you had the cathars who rejected the idea that Christ had been resurrected. They denied the uh humanity of god of Christ. and uh they ended up being the subject of their own crusade and they got slaughtered, in fact it was during the massacre of the kathars that uh, the cardinal overseeing the uh battle uh said, kill them all, God will know his own, uh, and and it was because the cathars tried to live in common, they tried to bring about that escaton by actually living as Christians, which could not be allowed, and then you've got uh, the real apocalypse that these people were waiting for, and fighting for, and struggling in the middle east for, they actually finally got it in the 14th century, and it was the black death. It was the fucking black death, half the population of Europe destroyed, feudalism, otherwise known as the world, as they knew it, genuinely destroyed, what came after the black death is a feudalism in uh transition and crisis that basically uh the second it establishes itself, and so you have this uh this period where because of the huge number of deaths and because uh of how much land that freeed up, because feudalism before the black death was had reached a final like a real material stalemate, it was in a situation where uh there could be no more improvement under feudalism's conditions of agriculture, because you had this pure pesant-based system where there was no, i wouldn't even there was no incentive, there was no coersive technology to make people improve their land, there was nothing, there was no social reality, there was no social structure, human or ' or market-based or or religiously inspired to make people produce enough fucking food to do this sort of uh um population revolution necessary uh to build a technological society uh or to even allow feudalism to continue under its own conditions like it could not even maintain itself because there just wasn't enough left. to feed every fucking fourthborn noble uh there wasn't enough land to give up to all those people because they kept reproducing themselves and the church was a big part of where that excess uh royal, i'm sorry excess noble uh population would go, not everybody can inherit the castle and and the manner the ecklesiastical hierarchy was a place for those second and thirdborn aristocratic sons to also hold power and wealth, there was nowhere for him to go, and and and uh the conditions of agriculture couldn't allow for it either, and the black death came, knocked the whole thing over, wiped out so many people that uh, agricultural labor became much scarcer, but the amount of land much uh expanded and that gave everybody the uh the freedom to move, like literally it greased the skins, it allowed uh rural peasants to negotiate better conditions uh under which they worked, uh, better rents from landlords, better uh obligations to their feudal lords and land itself was easier to come by and could be. parceled out one way or the other or purchased, that creates this social scramble. all of this, of course, well, we're all supposed to be christians, we're all Christians here, and yet we are fucking murdering one another uh, and scamming one another to get it over on each other in this new uh, more fluid social order, and this is when you see the uh real explosion of uh urban population in Europe and you have also a uh very warm century after the black death that leads to bumper fucking crops that leads to a century of very uh um a century of wildly uh successful agricultural yields and harvests without anybody having to change the way that they farmed just because the conditions were better and so... you had this huge explosion of population and this huge move of populations into cities, and remember everybody is supposed to be christian this whole time, and then around uh 1500 people start to get any again, in part because there is a line in the Bible about uh, you know, the next generation and a half or something like that, which people took to mean a 1500 years after uh the death. the birth of Christ uh, and this time though, when everyone's getting any, and remember, since the cathars, there have been the uh, laulard in England, uh, and of course the most successfully the Hussites in uh Bohemia, were able to carve out their own ultraquist faith uh, after battling the holy Roman empire to a standstill, uh, and they like Yans was uh, a proto luther, I mean, he he did what Luther did too, they both published a descent from the Catholic Church, they both got called to a uh a council uh with the pope under uh a pledged that they will not be harmed uh and the differe and then went in front of the pope and said what they believed. the difference is that with Huss they just said uh sick and burned him anyway. with Luther, Charles II, let him go. Uh, and then I I think with the assumption that they'd get him later. But then his patron abducted him in a phony kidnapping as he was leaving the diet of worms uh and rescued him and and made sure that by the time he got out of there uh. civic authority behind Lutheranism would be dominant in like parts of Europe, parts of Germany that he could live in, but anyway, so that's where you get the reformation, because unlike those previous times, you have the printing press, you have the rise of mass literacy, you have the creation of new ways of thinking, literally new, abstracted uh identity, a... a different mental landscape, one that is more interior than previous ones had been, one that is less validated and ratified by social life, it's in the head, literally uh, and the reformation explodes out of that, and the reformation is a process to bring about that apocalypse, which everyone assumed was going to happen, and that's why the protestants were so care-free about shredding a social fabric that had been like fundamental like was a load-bearing structure of the of society without anything to replace it because they thought they didn't need to replace it, they thought that them by moving towards righteousness they would create heaven on earth one way or another, either God will, Jesus will return, revelation will occur uh or if you were the smaller groups like... the menenites and the uh and the what later became the amish and of course most spectacularly uh the anabaptis of monster attempts to live communally to bring uh the escaton to emiminatize the escaton yourself and luther and the more conservative protestants said no uh because they liked where they were, they liked their position as comfortable. well fed and Luther was well fucking fed, the fucking reformation did him uh did his uh tummy favors like he if you look at paintings of the young luther and then after he got married and had been writing for like a 10 years or so that dude chunked up he married an ex- nun who was a great cook and he just sit around and just scarf all day long sitting at the fire of course you no reason to see the social order destroyed, so when a religiously inspired peasants revolt occurs, in 1822, he - i'm sorry, in 1522, he denounces it, he says, no, no, that's not what we mean, but this cycle is driven by the fundamental schizophrenia, like we are supposed to be in a christian. in the medieval era is the social ritual, it is mass, it is communion it is all those sacraments, it is those actions, it is those socially affirmed activities that happen, no matter what, and it is in northern Europe. anyway, the concept of purgatory, the idea that nobody's in hell, so you don't have to worry about that, like that is one of the big things that I think drives that drove early uh protestant social mania is the fact that these guys convinced themselves that they were going to go to hell, when nobody else really thought that before them, regular people did not worry about going to hell because if they went to church and they got communion once every year or whatever, and they confessed to the frier, they wouldn't go to hell. now they might go to purgatory, roast on a spit for a while, but it's temporary, and your family, while you're dead, can do something to speed along your redemption. protestantism created a world with the same physical miseries and exploitations and makes everybody freak the fuck out, it makes everybody anxious, and of course, this is a context, now when just around the same time the people start thinking the world is ending, that warm period ends, and while people fight over religion for the course of the 15th century, this warm period is slowly ending. so you have two centuries of this religious war that is, I mean in the minds of the people fighting it is religious, even though it's of course not, it's there too, it's it's it's power, power by one group or another, that's what is driving the whole thing always, but with the mask of this religious idea that has to be synthesized, that has to be reconciled, and that's what everyone is doing with with their violence and their posts and their witch burnings is they're trying to reconcile that and i would argue that that the secular modernity is the ongoing process culturally like in terms of why people inter do interact why people consciously interact with the system not why they're doing it. uh why they're actually doing it, why how the story they tell themselves, the cultural world that they create, is an attempt to reconcile that notion, universal uh ethic ethical principles, the promise of a world beyond misery, in a world where we are all brothers in that we all believe the same thing, and therefore act accordingly, because you can't... really believe in Christianity at the top of the potem pole that we have, you have to have what you think in your head is Christianity, but is actually satan worship, you have inverted, if you're at the top of the potent pole of power, anywhere near the top of the totem pole of power, in a christian world, you have to turn for your own deeper material interests, which you don't even can't even interrogate, you have to transmogrify, ritually christianity into satanism and it's been that satanism that has driven the ship of state under capitalism since it's inception because what capitalism was what capitalism was was the apocalyptics has not been heaven for a long time, nobody really believes in heaven in the west, not in this, what i mean by that is that they don't believe in it enough to not allow the miseries of living under a system of domination, either as an oppressor or as the oppressed, they don't believe it enough to stop that from twisting them towards s is fundamentally a fact, we all go to heaven, because what are you really scared of? you're scared of fantasy, of losing control of your illusory ego construction, and and it is it's physical extensions into the world, and if you really believe that, you wouldn't do bad shit, i mean exploit people if you're in power, but also take out your frustration and your... of being oppressed on other people if you're on the other end of the boot, that knowledge would sustain you, you be able to live at peace, none of us can do that. because we don't believe in anything anymore, so that means that we can only follow the algorithm of capitalism towards its apotheosis, which is to yes, change the world, to fundamentally alter the world the way that the Christians said it would be, but the twist here is because this has been programmed by a satanic Christianity, it's not creating. at the level of like belief in an afterlife has a fundamental crisis of conf of uh of self-awareness that starts with the reformation that ends with uh the triumph of the enlightenment in the 19th century and and over that process public faith is extinguished and it is but the whole time that's happening the whole time public faith is being extinguished it is being extinguished by the rise of... capitalism, the emergence of capitalism is a dominant social form, literally wipes christianity, public faith out of existence and replaces it with faith in the market, and the way and and this happens because as I said, fundamental crisis of capital of of the mind of society, of western European society, right, starting with the reformation. as I said, cannot be resolved, well, it has to be resolved at the material level, right, because people still have to keep doing things, but if religion isn't going to get them to do the things, religion isn't going to get them to man the spots they need to be in the circulatory machinery that built that creates like the economy, that creates cultures, the civilization, broadly speaking, if you're not going to get him to do it because of... a narrative they've told themselves about an a place other than earth, then you have to tell them a story about their reality here, you have to bring them closer to the grindstone, and the way you do that is by abstracting out of the realm of agency, human activity, the the compulsive mechanism of the... of economy, the compulsive mechanism, mechanism of social control, to take the stick, right, and take the stick that is held by religion, right? because it's carrot and stick to get you to do things, the carrot and stick are both held by the hand of the state in the form of the sword of the of the lord and the or of the landlord of the baron of the count, of the... of the aristocrat and the the cross of the of the uh priest, that's the carrot and stick, but you cannot, but the carrot doesn't work if the stick is too deeply felt, because then you realize, this cannot be a Christian world I live in, what capitalism does to solve that problem, without anybody knowing that's what's happening, everybody else is fight. beliefs, the combination of of identity, motivating identity elements, the things within them that make them do things, which are things like personal self-interest, but are not just that, they're also self-conception, that self-conception is socially generated, so that's why you can't just say that there's naked self-interest, because someone's self-interest isn't just what the... body wants, in some abstract sense, what want is is socially defined, not entirely, but partially, like being hungry is not socially defined, but being something, but feeling like you're a Christian or that you have honor, those are socially defined, and they mean things to people, that's the important part, so they're all fighting for self their self uh, interest in those terms and they destroy Europe in the 15th and 1600s doing this, and off in the corner, they're building a new social order where the carrot is still there in the form of the... direct relationship you have with uh or I mean the the awareness you have of the positives of living in a society right, because you have to have most people being like, well this is better than living in the forest, because at this point that's a real option, so you have to have a thing that keeps people rooted, and what it is is, look, this, this, this suck, but these are okay, I got a roof over my head, I have food, I have relative safety. because the alternative is less of those things, so that stick is that carrot is still there in the hand of this state broadly confined, the secular state, but the stick, the stick of if you don't do this, you will be are uh, the stick of the stuff that I produce with my sweat I don't get to consume, somebody else does, and they get to order me around, and they make me fight on behalf of them. all of that stuff over time becomes marketized, we can no longer assign uh blame in our own heads without even aware of it ideologically, we are no longer blaming the social order, our fellow citizens, people for why we uh for the bad things in our life, we are now blaming this new secularized god, now at first it was got like those puri and freaks, kickstarted uh capitalism in England, they wanted to build this natural mechanism for determining God's favor, because they were successful members of the bursion capitalist merchant class, they were invested in the new capitalist order, but they still believed, they still believed in God, they still believed in Christianity as they understood it, which is still was in conflict with the world that they saw around them, and since they had given up the idea of uh reforming God on earth, reforming the the ones who wave up on the idea of reforming uh God's kingdom and making it come into accord with God's uh lordly world that will bring about apocalypse in Europe they went to do it in America and eventually some of them did it in Europe too with the English civil war. but the English civil war ended with not the apocalypse, they cut the king's head off, surely that's going to bring it about, didn't happen, all you had was bad harvests and feweds and just the same old bullshit, which is why they ended up bringing in uh back the Stewarts and then finally uh had a leverage buyout with the uh other big merchant republic of that era or the other merchant um uh the other like advanced merch. society in of the time, which is the Netherlands and bring in finally the william of orange to preside over this new social structure, this new constitutional monarchial system where that royal prerogative that was grounded in genuine religious belief in his placement at the top of a godly hierarchy is uh replaced by the self-interest of a bunch of paper pushers in London. and they get to determine what's going on, not the fucking king, the king just has to watch it all happen, and what they do is they overtake the whole world, and slowly over time uh, that godly world that the uh, puritans thought they were going to build in New England is turned into another commercial operation, and the domination that was supposed to be absent. creeps in, and eventually uh, the social, the ritual reaffirmation of our belief that is necessary for us to hold God in our hearts, because it is, because faith is not rational, if if rationality is the only language you speak in, if abstraction is the only language you speak, because you have lost the social reaffirming idea, rituals of... faith, because if you can't if it's not rational, it's felt, and it is not felt but alone, not by us, anyway, it could have been in past instances felt along, but for us, it could only really be felt in those uh, emotional moments of human interaction, and and human connection. because what we're feeling when we feel unity, when we feel connection is a deep and fundamental truth, it's as true as anything, it is the truth of, it's the beautiful truth that uh that uh keets talked about, and as I said, it is our ultimate salvation, it's the fact that we are, every single one of us going to be reunited, and in being reunited we will understand, and the uh, the anxiety of loss of our fictional identity is soothed to the degree that we understand, it can be... soodhed, what is that byron? I don't, one of those opium smoking freaks, but it can't be articulated, we lose it in in symbols, because symbols are instruments of... differentiation, it's ways of us to define things down from totality, so that means that there is a fundamental latency in every interaction, every symbolic exchange of of information, we lose with every symbolic reduction, meaning, and by the time we get it out to ourselves, it is now an abstraction that has to be reaffirmed, it cannot be held in the mind, and then when we try to communicate it to others we lose even more and that is why any, that's why it is silly to talk about religion being good or bad, it's it's it's it's not, it's religion is is the basis of human civil, human self-conception, like we are all at the end of the day god, in that we preside over a mental universe that is all-encompassing and total and cannot be penetrated. that's why we all freak out about the idea of death because it is literally the end of the universe. but we are all that at the same time, and our understanding of that universe is not ours, it is made by every other person, and by every other thing, it has no independent existence. That is illusory, and that illusion, the harder we hold it, the more we are pulled away from our understanding, and and the more scared we get, and the more of the time we have on earth we're going to spend in some state of anxiety and fear that is only going to get stronger as we get closer to actual death, and then that means that our death itself will be far more painful and scary, scary more important. than painful because the pain of is always absorvable by the body, it is how it's understood afterwards, and that is the fear, the fear at the other end is it, but that also is temporary, and that truth exists no matter what, and religion is just the attempt by people trapped in time and space. with certain symbolic languages to find a symbolic uh order, a structure of symbols that other people can understand, so that they understand that the thing you're thinking of is what they're thinking of, you know, the feeling that you're describing is the feeling that they're describing, and that means that with that locked in, with that understanding in place, you can act to that person in a way that is free of fear, you're not going to be afraid that they're going to take something from you, you're going to be able to trust them, like nazis love to freak out about uh, high trust and low trust societies, and they think that it's racially based, no, it is as everything generated by the relationship of domination, it falls along racial uh lines first, because uh, when we're trying to get to that state of love of another person, where there is no fear, uh, there is a degree of... of instinctive uh understanding and and racial cast in America is this stark symbolic reality that imposes on all of us and makes it much harder for us to conceptually cross the casm, but it's universal, like lack of trust is is the solvent of of a of all systems of domination, but certainly one in decay and certainly one like... hell on earth where people are shattered into full isolation from one another in psychially and technologically while the earth itself is literally burned and the thing that is pushing against that the thing that came into being in the mid 19th century that Carl Marx was at the birth of and therefore could express, was the secular expression of that religious, that western religious uh impulse, if we if there is no heaven, which we now all are slowly realizing, no heaven that we can sustain and believe in enough in a day-to-day basis to give us soluce, well then we have to do something about the world we live in, so that we can spend the time we have on this planet as pleasurably as possible and pleasurable in the epicurian sense, not at the expense of others, which all pleasure is under systems of domination, but mutual loving pleasure, which is in our capacity, what other struggle is there other than that? and that is, that's the engine of of uh of socialism. That is the that is the religious basis of socialism, and of course that's what's was so stupid when people say wokeness is a religion, no shit, everything is a religion, it's just that now because faith has departed us, we on we only have the structures and those structures connected to uh, a an idea of political struggle that replaces the spiritual struggle. and so we seek to make that real. now at the height of the uh labor movement, the thing that was really motivating it was not the abstract uh desire of these post-religious estetes, which we all are now. to make the world a better place as an act of self uh of self-actualization. that those people are overwhelmingly prevalent at the top of left-wing and socialist movements because of their superior access to technology of rule, of of of education. the the if the battle uh to wield. power in a literate society is based on the ability to bring together people, then communication is one of the most important abilities to have, and that is something that is parcelled out only at the top of the economic structure, by design. those people are providing theory and their uh being leadership, the're certainly uh prevalent to be found in the political. uh class, but the real engine of the thing is the self-interest of workers, whose lives suck, who do not experience domination as guilt, they experience it as the rage of the exploited, and they say, hey, if there's no heaven, then Jesus fucking Christ, can I get a few more days off to spend with my family, for the love of fucking Christ. and it was those two forces that pushed uh and every society, every uh post industrial society of the west towards some reckoning with its economic order and then what you see in world war 2 is after capitalism enters like deep deep crisis like European capitalism which is to say world capitalism at that point basically that them plus the US and like argentina uh and maybe japan uh is in like a it comes to a fundamental crisis like another another moment of apocalypse, but this time it is much more uh materially driven, in the sense that it is, you've now got a point where you're no longer operating by human will, you're operating by... the machine logic of capitalism, which means that it overproduces to uh, and then destroys resources uh within a fixed system to the point where it can no longer distribute uh, it can no longer leave social pressures as they build within it, it can no longer sooth the mechanism, the oil, it's no longer oiled, what oils it is imperialism, but it wasn't moving fast enough for uh, for all the rapidly exacerbating social conflicts that are arising out of this misery that is being imposed, the the the ripping away of the surfs and peasants from their land, which is their subsistence, their understanding of the world, the ripping away of artisan autonomy from urban laborers, hell ripping away the authority of kings, because this whole time, all these compromises are being made, all these forces are being unleashed by... words to keep their power, meanwile they're losing it bit and bit and have to acceed to the loss in order to defeat all the other ton order to maintain their uh their battle to be able to to prevent being defeated by the other competing European powers and so you have an explosion and in that in the absent after that explosion of world war one you have a religious within the top half, the middle half of the or the top, the middle of the top half of the exploiter cast about whether there is a universal or there is only a particular, and communism was the image, was the idea of the universal, the the the pursuit of apocalypse through. universality and then there is uh naziism which is the that pesant that pagan that pagan uh particularism right that christianity got fused on top of fascism is its reemergence fashism is the reemergence of that pagan particularism that had been synthesized by uh feudalism and then had been essentially bought off by capitalism, but then was coming into in in the context of a depression, a a a secular decline and conditions that refuse the possibility of advancement in this world, you see the flight towards an apocalyptic conflict between particular and the universal, and the only reason it doesn't lead to the end of civilization is because there are other places that have synthesized their conflicts and the United States because of its free real estate and its slave economy is able to offload so much of the actual miseries of building capitalism outside of the social world, the social reality, the universe is as occupied by those people who actually build the thing, the farmers, the industrial laborers, the middle class, it means you don't get, you have those same pressures, but they don't come to a apocalyptic. and you have FDR is this figure who stands to uh between them and synthesizes them and then they are then that that synthesis of the European mind is stabilized by now that the free real estate has been fully absorbed by the creation of a world market after world war 2. oh we're the only industrial power in the world left there's a entire world to reshape and we can be the uh the we can be the power house of the global economy, we will be where things are manufactured, we will be where things are consumed, we will pass things through like the the circulatory system and be at both ends of the exchange and be able to distribute those resources and and put aside these questions, and now we have reached another apocalyptic conflict within capitalism, you could argue that it started uh in the... 1910s and that this is just a continuation of it the same way that the uh the cycle that began with the reformation didn't end until the treaty of west failia, this is the same, we are in the same cycle that started with world with world war 1 and is now... there is only the uh neurotic world of the uh exploiter, there is only a civil war in the mind of the American middle class, and the rest of us are basically watching it. even the even the uh actual economic decisions are not being made by people, like even at the top of the food chain, they're watching it. Donald Trump watched his entire presidency, uh, Joe, Joe Biden isn't even watching his presidency, he's sleeping in front of the TV, the decisions are being made uh, algorithmically, because that's what we did, we took civilization, a thing that... was defined by a human endeavor where technology was used by humans towards certain ends, to a situation where civilization is technology using humans to its own encoded ends, which were put there by people, enthroll by this death cult, western capitalist profit seeking. Okay, does any of that make sense? And so that is why if there is a future for. I won't even say capitalism, I will say whatever technofudal order will replace capitalism under conditions of collapse, long-term slow collapse, like where I said, where it's a transition, where at the other end of it you don't have, there's no point where it's like, oh this is the end of the world, you're you're just you've turned around, all of a sudden you're in a different thing, but you never noticed as things shifted around you, which I think you could argue was how the Roman empire fell, it was largely experienced by many people. in it, not as some apocalyptic ending, but as a, hey, we don't get the mail anymore, type of situation, but otherwise the same life, and I think that's what you're going to see, it will not be headquartered here, it can't be, the United States, because it is, it is captive to this mania, can only consume itself, that particular list and universal principle is, it cannot be resolved, so we will only destroy ourselves. "if there's a place in the world where capitalism arrived late enough, you guys know where I'm getting with this, late enough, and in a condition not of uh national domination, but of national exploitation, then their assimilation of capitalism, on top of their pesant communalism, their secular communalism, remember because they don't have..." have this big weight of uh spiritual on we and existential onst that has to be addressed because there uh their religious traditions are uh more culturally reaffirmed they're not abstractly reaffirmed so that means and so that's got to be i got folks we're talking about China we're talking about China and again when I say that that will that will be... are headquarters, that doesn't mean that that is means China is our saviors, it means that if we assume that the total and complete collapse of human institutions would be a bad thing and a setback, then the thing that these the uh, the social structure that exists currently that will be most likely to bring that about will be China, it will not be us and it will not be the working class. now you can honestly imagining what that look like, what that surviving human civilization will look like? you might very well decide that collapse would be better, like cuz at least collapse gives you the chance after the for the people who emerge later to... uh maybe be able to pick and shoes from the rubble and not have the uh history of dead generations weighing on their head like a nightmare for eternity, be the case under any persistent regime. so that's why i think like the China savior question is like many of these silly, because we're not talking about building communism, we're talking about maintaining human civilization, and honestly i don't i don't want to get people to think that i'm a super climate doomer anyway. "I think that's more likely to happen, significantly more likely to happen, to the point that freaking out about it is crably behind side the point, and even if it isn't, what are you going to do? are you going to freak out or are you going to figure out, you're going to make some accommodation with the world around you and then some reason to keep going and then do it. now that could be climate terrorism, but you have to ask yourself, is that something that feels like it's coming from a place of love, or does it feel like it's coming from a place of nialistic hate?"? and if it's hate then guess what, it's probably the wrong thing to do, you're probably doing it to feed your own political ego and to feed your own narcissistic need to be at the end of the world that we're all fighting against, but if China is able to uh do this, it'll be because there's the social order is capable of actually reprogramming the machine, they can organize among... themselves sufficiently to intervene in the gears. capitalism has mushed us, the way that it emerge so much, the people who are in it at every level are so deeply ideologically conditioned to the point that even if they recognize the machine falling apart in front of them, the stuff they would do to fix it would only make it worse. that's what we're basically at now, because they don't know what to do, they only know the opposite of what to do. because they've been conditioned by the machine to do what the machine wants them to do, which is keep it going. so even there, there's no amount of things that can happen, there's no amount of uh of signs of apocalypse that can emerge from our uh collapsing ecosystem that will get them at the top to do anything about it, because anything that would actually do something about it is against their programming, it's like... how Robocop can't arrest Dick Jones. Holy shit, it is like that, isn't it? It's an exact parallel. That is capitalism. We are not, we are Robocop. We are programmed. The difference is there's nobody to fire Dick Jones. Maybe there was in 1989. now dick jones is the machine, dick jones is the algorithm, so that means they can go do everything in their power to stop the slide towards apocalypse, and they will only make it worse. i would say, i'd say that the hope that human institutions, again if it's a hope, if it's a thing we should want, which i think is up in the air, and the real question we should ask. ourselves uh, it'll be because the chinese communist party as a self uh motivated group of humans who have an ideological understanding of themselves and their place in the world and what they want, can look at capitalism and actually do something to reduce its uh death drive to and to... eventually replace all the parts within it that lead to that, but of course, as I said, all that does is get you to this new system that is post capitalist, because when I'm saying they're going into the change things, I don't mean they're necessarily going in there to turn things socialist, and I think that's what a lot of people assume, they're going to turn things towards survival towards necessity, and that is where the fact that they are a capitalist country and their structures are capitalist. because at that point, what do we do about this? if you do not have active, powerful, social forces pushing you in one direction, then the answer might not be socialism, it might be techn feudalism, which we're already seeing exists in in in in advanced. imminent form and we'll see it expanded, but the x factor in all of this is actual workers here. not doing it through the structures that we have built and that we are captured by, all of us watching this, but through building new ones in the act of pursuing power, not to south their fucked up American protestant psychy, which is what all of us are doing, but to improve their lives, i only have. much time on this earth, i want to spend it loving, and i can't do that, if i'm working 80 hours a week with psychos coughing in my face, i i can't do it if i'm picking fucking shit out of a dumpster, i can't do it if i'm running for my life from a fucking uh climate tsunami, and what has to happen is that those individual pursuits of self-interest can come together. now this is the reason that i am so emphatically against the discourse as a place for people to put their political energy, because i am fully convinced, this is like my sacrament, this is my number one belief about about politics is that is that these social forms, symbols, language, structures that currently exist in our political realm, democrat, republican parties and the surrounding uh political uh formations and ideas around them, the left, the right uh are fully detached from material conditions, and I mean fully, so that any attempt to organize workers that depends on them, will be fatally undermined by the neurotics at the top, by the crooks and freaks at the top. by the self-interested predators and the neurotic uh puritans at the top, but that doesn't mean that there is no place for action, action goes at the level of the self, and and self-interest, self-interest defined collectively, not abstractions, not through abstractions, but through, what was I saying that social? ritual, the reaffirming action, we all want this thing for us individually, but working together will get it for all of us, that builds a social bond, and then the act of that pursuing that builds the need to extend to other people to to uh, to increase the effectiveness of our action, and every... interaction that that struggle will have with our politics, our vocabulary of politics, our spectacle of politics, only serves to warp it, because it introduces irrelevant shit, because none of that stuff matters, because all of those questions at the end of the day are questions that exist for people who are observing it as part of their ritual of self uh absolution to find out if they're good or bad people. Am I elect or not? Let's check. I'm going to observe these people doing something and then pick a side. And then the other people telling me I'm right, the other people in my group that I've identified as right, agreeing with me, means that I'm a good person. And I can tell them that publicly. This is all just the puritans trying to uh, build that private heaven that they can't really believe in, through repeated and repeated public. affirmations because they can't believe in it, because it's abstract, because it's not socially reinforced. that means that the structures, the uh cultural expressions and the political machinery that is made by that struggle will not involve any of those, people any of that vocabulary, and that means it will not be part of the democratic party, that's for. or the fucking republican party, good fucking christ, it will neither be democrats nor republicans, it might not be any party, a party might be part of it, like an actual like go up for elections, political party might be part of it or not, it depends on the conditions, like if the democrats really do lose the ability to uh test for power at the national level, they will be in like a wig like death spot. and it's amazing, they're in the process of allowing it to happen by not passing their package of voting reform shit, which is what I mean when I say that in this system now. we are so uh ideologized that no one can act in their best interests by any in any sense they they are they see through this glass darkly like if if us Germany is to be preserved then capitalism has to be significantly reined in in the near term for American capitalism to be reined in in the near term you need the democratic party I'm saying in the near term. anybody says the democratic party can be replaced tomorrow is an idiot, this you're talking about a decades long process, what i'm saying is like what people fantasized Biden would have been or what people dreamed Bernie would have been, like a real full court press at the top of the political uh and and cultural heights for conflict with capitalism, for that to happen, the democratic party has to be able to win an election, because they're the ones on the ballot line. that is still where the uh that that is where the vestidual loyalty of the working class qua class existed and that cannot be denied, people can argue that it's been squandered in the past 30 years by the democrats completely, but it is the only place where any vestigial loyalty on long those lines lays. the republicans have none, and that is why they're even more laughable a reservoir of this uh than elsewhere. now and again. and what i'm saying is this is not going to happen, i have to very much stress, there will be no reckoning with capitalism from within the democratic party, i'm describing why there won't be, so that means that within this structure, it is in the best interest of democrats as democrats, not as leftists, not as as good people or bad people as democrats to pass this shit quickly, but to do that because of the margins would require reforming the phillibuster under the individual power of individual senators and these guys have been so ideologized that their understanding of their self-interest is narrowly their personal most personal self-interest and so they would rather allow the democratic party to lack it to lose the ability to compete for national power and the and power like actual power money comes from that like even if you're a total slime bag democrat money comes along with this losing the ability to fund raise for god sakes, but they are more committed to their individual power within the institution of the senate, so they they can't get it to happen, they can't make it happen, and then even if they did pass it, they wouldn't be able to use it, because for the Democratic party to do the thing I said, it would have to go head to head with its own donors, the people with actual power. in it at a time when its base is conditioned by them through media, the democratic base is conditioned through the media to hate republicans, hate and fear republicans enough to do anything to avoid them to be in power, and also have an understanding of what's good, bad, what's smart and what's dumb that is manufactured by the democratic party through its organs in the media? and that's why it's not going to be the US, but we're still here and we still have to struggle and we still have to give our lives meaning in the sense of we have to turn towards love, turn towards that deeper knowledge that we've been trying our entire life to articulate, that we are all connected, that we don't need to be so fucking scared of each other, we don't need to be scared of anything, we sure shit don't need to have to be scared of. losing a few uh creature comforts in our lives, i'm talking about the democrats idiot, this person's talking about Trump and it's completely different with the Republicans, because they're not the vestigally working class party, they don't have to have the same internal checks that the democrats have, because Trump never threatened any of the prerogatives of the republican party, dumb ass. sorry, but I'm specifically talking about the republican party or democratic party. I just said all that stuff about love, and then I call the guy dumb ass for for for uh, for a earnest interaction. I'm very sorry, see this is why, this is why you need a society that can reaffirm your best angels, because otherwise you are dominated by your satanic. is more wrong than I and Rand, because her first premise is that you are real, like your your uh ego concept is a real thing, it's not, but that is what is she's describes there, what in rand is good for is that she describes the what we have in in capitalism instead of a uh a spiritual morality, we have this secular morality. which says because there's nothing but this world, my experience, my sense perceptions throughout my life, the world i have in my head is the only thing, and therefore i am God, and therefore i am the only thing in the universe, and the only thing in the universe, death is just a terrifying non-conceivable thing, death is this pit of your stomach, nausick, terror, how can the world end? how it's terrifying and we have to do something with that terror, we can if we're not going to confront it, because confronting it, the only way out is through, the only way to sooit that demon, to sooit that that cold feeling is to remember the deeper real truth that you aren't real, you're not real. now your your body is real, this stuff is real, your life is happening, but you is this phantom temporary structure that moves it around, and eventually it will go somewhere else, that energy will go somewhere else, and your transition, this is the important part, your transition will be peaceful. "your transition will not be the horror, the mind-rending horror that you imagine it to be, because you're imagining it in life, you're imagining it on this side of the fucking curtain, you can only imagine it as terror turned into hellfire, turned imaginatively into a eternity in hell, because you cannot conceive of the end of this. you, but if it is a transition, you are transitioning into something else, and it is experienced as a transition, then all that fear that you're having doesn't have to be can be confronted, and if you confront it and neutralize it, then you don't need to do all the things that make us awful people, you don't need to do the things that we all think we need to do, and which collectively. what's going to destroy the world, because we are all trying to find happiness through temporary assuasing of our existential anxiety, and the only way we can do that is by having fun, having a good time, and the only real way we can do that is by pursuit of material pleasure, which is at this point, this late point in history, purchased on a market, and it is our actions on that market that keep everyone. moving, that's the wind blowing through the fucking the windshimes and making a move, is is everybody is the whole in everyone, the fear that we can only subsume, now there's also of course the misery of actual exploitation, just feeling physical pain, forget existential fear of death, real momentary fear of pain, matter how much we believe in the world beyond, believe in our our painless transition to a a a new phase where we will understand where it will make sense, it's hard to believe that when you're in physical misery, where you're being compelled by some phantom market to do things against your will. like against your will, slavery with extra steps, as old rick and morty said, and it is all of us collectively trying to avoid the real pain of life and the spiritual pain of of feeling at the end of the day fear that this is all going away and not. and the knowledge that no, you are going somewhere, and you're not going away, you are, and of course she might say, well yeah, but like what if you get a safe drop down your head? because what i'm talking about is is that if you have that peace, the amount of time you spent thinking that way, the amount of time alive you spend really in that mindset, it creates a world, because remember we create the world, it creates a world that's different, it changes the world you live in, you no longer, okay, i got to do this fast cuz i don't how long i have. the world that i'm describing where people operate out of that belief where you have a community of people a universal community where everybody believes believes in not a specific credo but in that fundamental truth but has access to advanced systems of technological economic management machines machine labor saving devices that is both post scarity communism is described by Marks and heaven as described by Christ, god damn it, did it do it again?