 I still remember the terrible day on the broad stain the sand and the water and how in that hell that we called soll of the bay, we were butchered like lambs at the slaughter. Johnny turkey was ready, heat prime. himself well, he showed us with bullets and he reined us for shell, and in five minutes flat, he blown us all to hell, and he blew us right back to Australia, got some sun coming through the window here, probably look weird, maybe I should. go against here so it's less weird looking, what is that? is that better? not on the toilet, as son have said, must have stipulate that, wow, so shit's popping off, huh? holy mackle, man, i knew they were going to take it hard, but i have to admit i thought that once the cop shut up. that they bat down, but then we saw it happen, and that's the thing to remember about this, the cops let them in, that's the important thing, this is not a, this is not a situation where some force just uh, prove too powerful for the state, where where where the the mechanisms of power were were somehow over-awed by human concentrated human effort, now they let them in, and why they let them in is probably a variety of factors, a lot of it probably just being that because these are people that cops are not trained to dehumanize, they treated them like human beings and so you can't treat people like human beings if you're going to really uh dis uh dissuade them from doing something they want to do, like if you really want to people stop a bunch of very angry people from doing something they want to do, you have to disabuse. of it with violence and you have to be willing to do that, and they weren't willing to do it, that's one explanation, and that's i think probably at a micro level part of it, but I think also you know there's the idea that the cops are essentially also rioting, they're not happy that Trump lost either, so them letting them in is sort of their way of of contributing to the demonstration and that to signaling the unhap. and then of course you can go full foil hat and say well they did it so that this could happen because i have to say if i was the deep state whatever you want to define that as if i was like the the elements within our government that are seeking to maintain uh the current system uh and are most aware of what that entails as opposed to being ideologically uh and trapped by their own bullshit like Trump people are, something like this is ideal, you have an incident here that has disciplined both sides perfectly, because for anyone on the left, the specter of this will be the thing that prevents it from ever being the time to say anything bad about any democrat in office, because any show. of vulnerability will rev will lead to these people just taking taking power and also it disciplines against even asking for too much because do you want to do you really want them to go wild which if we did something too big they would do. Biden is going to get to point to these guys anytime there's any big ask for progressive legislation sure do you want these guys go do do you really want to test them? and also i said before that we're going to see a intensification of surveillance and police authority to deal with you know the continuing immiseration, i mean crime is going up as we said, as i as people said at the beginning of this, crime was going to go back up and it's up, it's happening all over the country, crimes up, it's going to get worse because things keep getting worse and dissatisfaction is going to get bigger, and some of it is going to actually be pointed somewhere towards the people responsible for this, and the state. going to be very interested in uh creating a narrative that allows for uh a a the culture at large to go along with massive uh increases in surveillance and police. power and the spectra of a mega uh cou is absolutely just a perfect uh a bloody shirt to wave whenever you want uh whenever you're you're announcing the next you know round of uh of of panopticon surveillance overwhelming everything in the world what the hell's going on I'm getting something on this what is that sub gift or use bits to get to the next level am I the only one seeing this what the hell is that? very distracting, and you know the right gets to uh, they get to they get, if they keep pushing, they get to find out the limits of their ability to get what they want, and the majority will still be pissed and still be uh activated, but will have be have learned you know where the line is, uh, but the ones who aren't are going to go off. there's going to be a good burst of stochastic violence, 100%, and every one of those incidents is going to be used the same way that uh fucking Bush administration used every real or mostly made up incident of uh of muslim terror to justify whatever the fuck they wanted to do, so honestly like this is such a perfect thing, and the funny thing is is you can write a story where this is just the byproduct of of the... that we have of a of a society, what is going on with this? does anyone know what's going on? everyone's talking and i'm very confused as to what is happening with these levels? uh, i'm trying to ignore them. shit, it's very distracting. okay, years, someone said American years of led, honestly yes, but anyway uh, you've created a society of spectacle where politics. where where like the stakes of politics are grafted on to pure entertainment and we give politics the same passion we give to entertainment, a country where the only time we generally riot is after our team wins or loses a big game. if you give big game intensity to politics, this is going to happen, you could write the story where this is just a byproduct of that, and then just coincidentally, it's the one thing that will be most gift rapped and perfect for the use of our uh actual ruling class to maintain their dominance. over us, just like you could argue that 911 was the inevitable result of our foreign policy and our our pursuit of oil dominance through ideological uh and gorilla warfare uh but you could also write a story where the reason this is keeps happening in the same direction and that all these dominoes keep falling the same way is because there's some hands out there pushing them in that direction and uh for me it's a mood point because the the reality is the same either way, and honestly, the the recipe is the same, the boring, no matter how outlandish or banal you want to make your uh explanation of reality, the the remedy is is very boringly straightforward, organizing the working class, or rather the working class organizing itself, rediscovering itself, awakening from its slumber, that's the only thing that's going to beat this, no matter where it's coming from, no matter who you think is in in charge and also how seriously you take it, like to me there's no more annoying and banal conversation than the one that has been had ever since Trump uh uh lost about how seriously we should take this, is this is this a serious, is this a coup? is this a real serious thing? and and and it it's such a stupid argument because it never really, nobody every wants to make an argument about what they think is going to happen, it has to be couched in well. It's bad and you should feel bad about it, and to that I say, and let me accept every premise of every hysteric on the internet who says that this is the beginning of a fascist coo. What the fuck do you want me to do about it? And the answer seems to be feel anxious about it. feeling anxiety is literally the feeling of anxiety is is like the emotional cattle prod that they strap to our nuts every day of our fucking lives to get them to do whatever we they fucking want us to. Managing our anxiety is how they get us to be. good fucking compliant neoliberal subjects, our anxiety is the is the the cultural manifestation of the coersive mechanisms of control, and you want me to feel more anxiety about something i can't do anything about, because let's say this is phase one, and tomorrow the joint chiefs come up and say that because of the overwhelming demands of the American people, we are blocking the further uh um certification of the votes, what the fuck are you going to do about it? I am asking, what are you going to do about it? Everyone who's saying, this is a big deal, we should care about this, uh, everyone. ever said this wasn't a coup needs to be accountable, okay, congratulations, you're taking this moment where democracy dies to fucking settle online scores, it sounds to me like you're just having fun on the fucking computer, that's the thing, the proof is in the putting for me, if you're still posting about this stuff and you think it's a coo then you don't really, you're lying to yourself and everybody else. and if it is a coup and and everyone said it isn't is wrong, well guess what, come get me, come fucking, come make me accountable for being wrong, where are you going to do that, in the camps? if there's not going to be camps then what are you going to do? if you're saying it'll basically just be the same thing and you're going to keep posting, well then why the hell have you put so much of your emotion behind this thing that clearly doesn't matter and can't affect anything, i think the only. interesting thing to see is how much the republican party coaleses around a position of uh of denunciation of their own supporters here, how much do they go to war with the with the base because this had to happen, the republican party had to discipline their base at some point, now that's what's so frustrating about the republican party, they have the correct attitude and approach to their uh base, and that is they are terrified of them and do whatever they want. want, but the thing is is that the base, because the republicans, all they want is the stupidest bullshit on earth, specifically, it cannot be stressed enough that this is all happening, this unprecedented attack on our nation's electoral integrity and on the constitutional order and the peaceful transfer of power is happening on behalf of a fucking game show host and nothing else, there is no, there's no thing these people are after, they want trump, that is what got has gotten them to break through the doors and i would argue the reason they're allowed to do this is because all they want is trump, if they wanted something more than Trump, if they wanted something that could actually challenge established power and could actually energize a group of people beyond the those who have basically brainwashed themselves with television, basically pour fucking in the internet, pour bleach in their own frontal lobes, courtesy of their self narconization online and on and watching fucking cable news, none of no like if they're rebellion i'm sorry, but unless you are brainwashed, it's not going to happen, now they could take over the party, depending on how this thing all breaks down, but they're not there yet, like if people have said like if this was a left-wing protest, it never would have happened, and it's not necessarily because they're bigger pussies, it's because they would have been met with much harsher force, much more significant pushback from authority, which would have made most of them realize, do i really want to get my head caved in today, and say no, and then they'd stop and they'd go home. when only the hardest core would stay to fight the cops. what you had here was at no point did these guys get anything other than a few half-hazardly sprayed mists of uh of pepper spray and as soon as they realized oh pepper spray is not that bad and that nothing else was going to happen and they were literally opening the fucking doors for them. why not march in? but they're willing to do this for fucking Donald Trump for the personal fixa the personal uh but just the the personal ego trip of an insane man, just a a a a psychic identification with the point of view, essentially, they've taken celebrity culture to its ultimate conclusion, this is essentially the end of day of the locus by Nathaniel West, if anyone has read that book, where the downtrodden uh starstruck losers of Hollywood burn the whole place down, well they're burning down Washington and on behalf of their their appointed god king uh, because because in this country that that's the only thing that can stir passions, no one believes anything can change, no one really thinks that things can get better or different in this country, they think that we are on a trajectory that is set by human nature or god or the constitution and there's nothing to be done about it, and in that world the only thing that's going to be able to reliably politically mobilize people is going to be a purely spectacular politics of uh of Oregon release and that is what Trump has given us, and now the thing is is that because it has a limited appeal, but it is so totalizing in its appeal, we have a situation where the system has no longer has used for Trump or Trumpism, it got like the republican party got what it wanted, it got tax cuts and it got a federal judiciary in their pocket for the next 100 years, up to including an unbreakable 63 majority. in the supreme court, they got what they wanted. now it's just about his personal ego, and the whole point of a political party is that you go beyond the personal desires. of any one person within the structure, like that's the that's the old kingly model, and like that sort of brain dead populism will create a royal figure, it has to, because it cannot, it's it's it's a rejection of politics, it rejects the notion that anything is being negotiated, it's totalizing, and so only a totalizing vision is going to get people to fucking fight like that, at least fight uh, at least risk that, but once again that's the only thing it's not. because they're stronger or smarter or more or more brave, it's because the state will allow that, it will allow those, but the thing is it's a tantrum and eventually they have to let the tantrum uh uh go out, like essentially that's how those uh democratic democratic governors and mayors especially this last summer during the George Floyd uprisings, that's how they treated their base essentially by saying they're there, and they just let them tucker themselves up. and that's what we're doing here, it's just bigger and more dramatic and what's going farther because it's a bunch of fucking white men mostly demanding that Trump be allowed to be president forever, he's not, they're not challenging any of state prerogatives, they're not challenging any mechanisms of power, they don't represent any movement beyond their own uh fandom basically, it's essentially a con out of control, like that's essentially comic con on uh uh on crack right now in DC, it's freaking comic con on crack and that's why they're allowed to do it, but they're also going to have to tucker themselves out, most of them will go home, but a few of them are going to get violent and they're going to be encouraged to get more violent uh by the results they saw, and guess what, that's to everybody's advantage too, that's good for democrats, every piece of violence by a republican gets to be a political weapon and gets to justify further repression. and gets to call further repression uh uh uh black social like we get to call that justice for black lives because it's now disproportionally going against white people like that's that's the kind of demon demonic trick you could play with that so they're happy with it republicans are happy because they know that if it's ever really close if any election is really really close like this election wasn't really that close honestly it was only the commitment of Trump and and the... the per of reality he's able to create around everything he says that is then affirmed by people who listen to him uh it wasn't that close a real close race they know they have it they have it and every and every p piece of right-wing violence further uh reinforces their command of the space in the event of a real political conflict that they could pull some fucking redeemer shit uh uh like the reconstruction governments of the 1880s and 90s uh, so yeah, uh, it's wild, it's wild and wacky stuff, uh, it is very dispariting to not to just think of how uh, of how much harder it is to get anywhere near that kind of uh threat to just you know estab. patterns of power and behavior from the left, but that's just because the they're actually serious when they go against the left, but a big part of it is that there's no thing that gets people that gets enough people the way that Trump does, that's because it can't be, because it's not spectacle, because it's material reality, it has to be built from the ground up of articulating experience, not being brought from the top down in the form of just fucking Madison Avenue brainwashing. That's the only thing that'll do it, that's the only thing they'll do it, and if it's and if this is just more neoliberalism with its janis face and it's it's pulling off like a soft internal gladio, or it is the first uh, the first winding of a gear that leads to a fascist seazure of power, some... sort of uh inside out autocoo where like the the the protesters like melled with the police and then and then essentially just arrest democratic lawkers and shit? the answer is the same, i certainly will not try to do any predicting because If I was not swearing that shit off before now I sure as hell I was wouldn't do it now holy shit beyond saying that I do think that Joe Biden will in fact be inaugurated although. do think that inauguration day is going to be very interesting. my guess as far as i want to get is that it they bristle that place and that there's like essentially a military occupation of Washington DC to prevent a a reoccurrence would be my assumption. I didn't say I moved to Oregon, what the hell is wrong with you people? I didn't say that, weird all. I'm not going to Oregon, what is wrong with you people? I'm being gas lit by these people. I did not say I'm moving to Oregon, what the fuck are you talking about? Am I being, am I being trolled by the crowd again? God it, trolled, I try, I try to do a good stream for the people and then they go and troll me like this, I don't know why I put up with it honestly, I don't know why I put up with it. Okay, so now that we talked about that, let's talk about, we'll watch the numbers just drop here, let's talk about our last section of the republic for which it stands, chapters, I believe 9 through 12, uh, this is really good stuff, this stuff, and I want to go through them kind of chapter by chapter, because there's a lot of good uh stuff to point out here uh we start with hilariously the election of 1876 in which the disputed uh votes uh led to a constitutional crisis and a essentially a backroom deal between the democrats and republicans to allow the republicans to keep the presidency in exchange for the end of military occupation and reconstruction in the south, and uh, this is funny because Ted Cruz was trying to, during his nerd ass attempt to tody to the Trump supporters by calling for a uh, uh, calling for a a uh commission to like rule on voter fraud, that is him invoking the uh, this case, because that's what they did, they ended up establishing a a bipartisan commission where they basically just made a deal behind closed doors uh, and then they there was a constitutional amendment that actually ended that possibility because they saw how bad it was, so once again Ted Cruz, being at oath and a dope and a dumb ass, but we knew that, um, so there was a lot of... "there wasn't a lot of violence around that election, there was like talk of mobilization of troops and stuff, um, I think I guess George Mclellen fucking like wanted to form a militia to march on Washington to make Tilden president, he's like the Michael Flynn of 1876, but nobody sl nobody uh ransacked the white house, I can say that, so so that's how uh, that's how things are going." since that so then he talks about the um the biggest eruption of coordinated working class uh mobile uh militancy until that point in American history, the great railroad strike of 1877 which saw the almost the the kind of pain painfully um uh symbolic uh site of troops being pulled out of the reconstruction south to abandon free people to the ravages of the clan and the red shirts to go and uh help put down the strike in the north uh and it was huge, it was violent, it was not coordinated very well because it was largely spontaneous, and there was only a rudimentary working. less political movement in America at that point, like there was the working men's association, there was the international like uh, yeah, the working mans association was one, the Knights of labor, it was it was still a very incohate movement, but they were all caught by surprise, just like the all the bickering parties in Zaris Russia were surprised by 1905, like you had current. being developed, but it took an event to bring about a reckoning, in this case it was the fact that this depression had pinched the profits of the railroad companies. uh, but they didn't want to stop giving dividends to stockholders because they were essentially running pawnsy schemes and needed new investment income to keep themselves up, so they had to since profits were going down, the only place that they and competition was reducing profits also, the only place they could get profits was what a shock labor costs by cutting uh, by cutting wages and increasing uh hours. at a time when everybody was suffering because of the depression and people just realized oh this is where the line is and it came from no ideological battle really no not a lot of not a lot of posting it came from experience the experience of working near a railroad uh be having the railroad dominate your life which was something that uh the western farmers could also commiserate on because they were held hostage by railroad uh freight that was the margin of whether or not they ate in the winter and the the it was predictably defeated because it was no one was really planning it and the states eventually all agreed that oh yeah no this is what we're here for this is why the state exists to suppress this sort of thing uh but it led to uh the a lot of the railroads backing down because they found okay this is the limit Okay, good to know uh, so that was chapter nine, uh, chapter 10, he talks a lot about uh, something that is very boring, but important to understand uh, 19th century politics, which was uh, civil. service reform, it was the end of the spoil system, and that ended up being one of the only real issues that divided the parties, because they basically all agreed to the same lasai fair politics to one degree or another, and then they were voters were sorted by geography, if you were and also religion, well no, basically geography, uh, because if you were a catholic in America, you were probably lived in a city and you were a laborer and you were a democrat, if you were a white southerner, you were a democrat, if you were a small holding protestant northerner, which is the mean northerner, you were a republican, if you were a black southerner, you were a republican, although that mattered less and less as reconstruction, governments failed to be able to defend themselves, it's not a coo, settle the fuck down, what do you want me to do, just yell about how it's a coup, does that help you, if it's a coup shouldn't you be out in streets like with your fellow militiamen gathering your garrisons, you better have some fucking uh, you better have some garrisons to muster, uh, and the funny thing about civil service reform is it's sold in history as this is the good guys, the good the good uh moral politicians driving out the crooks, well of course not, it's it's of course about uh ringing out the ability of... working class people to get any percentage of uh of economic growth because they were lacked out of capital, but they did have their votes, which means they could prize something out of the machine, but private property regime is present on the notion that you can't do that, that was the thing that the constitution was designed to prevent, um, and the way that the fucking tamamines and and and other machines were able to distribute jobs to catholics. and then give them political power and exchange for it? no, no, that just simply isn't done, and that is why where a lot of the anti-catholic sentiment uh of northern republicans came from. uh, and so the fight over uh civil service reform is really a fight over democracy in a way, and the... national civil service that we eventually got does not is still influenced by money, it's still influenced by author by outside uh interests, but they're purely monetary, it's purely capital, it's no longer anybody who is accountable to anyone you would call people, are not you know a concentrated economic interest the way the capital is, and he also talks about the other sort of the the bad side of... emerging working class mobilization uh is anti-chinese sentiment in California, because the Chinese were seen as a is essentially slave labor imported directly to compete with them, and because of racism and racial division and and cultural separation that makes it harder to get to a point of empathy that allows you to you, digest politics at that level, uh, it it led to just a wholesale demonization of the Chinese. uh, and that is the populist, that's like the face, that's one, that's one facet of the face of American populism. is it is a defense of labor, free labor or property from from un uh from unfree competition uh, and it's something that the political parties had to deal with when um, when balancing powers against one another. but as usual, you know, the real the real heart of the of the anti-chinese sentiment, it really did come from fear of being economically displaced, and it could have been channeled elsewhere, it's just racism is so good, it's so useful that it's the political channels for it open up when it emerges, it's it's it's facilitated, it's not. It's not uh uh challenged and uh undermined at every fucking point. I want to get some other stuff in here, talked about uh, convict. and the return of survile labor in the south, because if you aren't going to turn people into citizens, if they can't be coersed by a common social milieu, then they have to be externally forced, and uh, when you've got high labor intensity crop system like like cotton in the south, the thing is predicated almost on on self-exploitation at least. and uh they talk about the Indian wars, how there was just no uh, there's really nothing that the natives could really do to avoid getting their stuff. took because there was money to be made in it and uh there is always this kind of sad tragic like shrug of the shoulders about Indian policy among all of the the good hearted reformers and ex abolitionist is like what are you going to do you know what are you going to do and the fact is that you know we were gonna unless something stopped us we were going to... take it all, because you only stop if someone stops you, that's that's that's the unchecked imperial engine, something guys to stop you, and then we couldn't be stopped because of our control of our domination of the landscape. uh, then in the last chapter uh he goes into the intellectual history stuff that I think is really strong in this book and a nice through. line uh throughout it to you know kind of understand how all these you know social all this social ferment is being turned into like political wisdom uh and he talks about this Daniel this Dean Howels guy and all this and he's talks about how like as I said on the stream yesterday uh you you're seeing this kunian shift uh in in the social sciences away from Lazi Fair Social Darwinism towards uh like progressive social policy and a social gospel to to come with it out of the protestant tradition and uh one of the things that emerge from this ferment is an attempt to like recap reafffirm capitalism in the face of all of the evidence of its failures uh by making it just and one of those ideas was Georgism, which was created by an economist named Henry George, a classic American crank in the best tradition, one of our better crank. exciting uh and he was a guy who uh saw the horrors of of of the accumulating unfreedom and misery of America in the supposed land of total uh bounty um it's because we have taken land which is by definition common and given it to people and his he basically diagnosed land ownership and specifically rent on un un um improved land as the the stake in the heart of civilization as as where all uh unjustice flows and he does this by essentially redefining capital to exclude raw materials and land and why he does that is essentially so that everything can flow from that presumption all of this stuff brows from that presumption and the thing is if you go from that assumption he has a very persuasive case and he gained a lot of influence and power power uh, they haven't gotten to it in the book yet, but he ran for mayor of uh New York on a fusion socialist ticket, like a labor party ticket, against a Tamaney hall stalwart and republican Theodore Roosevelt, and uh, but both George and Rosevelt lost to the Tamaniy ha hack, which just goes to show that, whatever ideas and you got it's still New York baby and somebody's got to pay the fucking garbage man uh and so his proposal was yes a single tax no tax on anything except land and that that would remove speculation from the economy remove concentration and it's a classic American bit of crankery where he's trying to fall an equation by essentially making up his own maths because he wants to avoid the confrontation, he wants to avoid the reality of class conflict, because he's an American, he doesn't see the necessity, because in these big wide open spaces you could convince yourself that maybe we can all get along, and the American expression of that, one of them is georgism, his idea was well, the the sheer reality of this pitch, the sheer truth because essential argument is this is so obviously true that if enough people believe it we will act like it's true and that will make us do it and that will reduce all of the capital accumulation and it will be a non-violent war of ideas that is one over time through application of our minds and our passions, and that's in opposition to the marxist notion that no, now we're going to win because there will become a time. where there is a pivotal confrontation between capital and labor and labor's superior numbers and organization will will make it win, will win in the battle, that and it is the numbers, it is people motivated by a shared material drive towards freedom that will move them towards victory, it will not be that you eventually change people's minds, that's the idea is that you just have to them, if enough people understand this, both capitalist and workers will see the truth of it and will want to do it, no one will act against their economic self-interest, and if they do, they will not be enough of them to overall the the democracy of dollars, and that is why i think that georgism is very much in a tradition that we now see with MMT, now once again, mmt is i think correct in most of the things it claims. do, but beyond that, it seems to think that because this is true, you can convince enough people of that, and by convincing them, we will act like it's true and therefore make capitalism humane without conflict. i think it's the same impulse that drove georgism. now that doesn't mean it isn't true or useful, i'm just saying. that the messianic heart of it, I think is the same as it is with the Georges, it's an idea that the truth of this is so unndeniable, that if enough people know it, it will convert them, as if ideas can in the main, I mean began individual people in the main demographically go against material interests, they won't, so that's George also did not like Chinese people. Oh, this is one thing I wanted to actually read, this is uh. this i just to any any young nervous dentizan of the internet uh if any of this sounds familiar please let me know he's talking about this guy uh howels who was essentially uh he's the kind of guy we don't have anymore like a gor of a doll like a a public intellectual who like writes novels and reviews and stuff i guess the closest thing we have now would be podcastersters Hows agonized over the industrial United States that greeted him on his return for quite personal as well as intellectual and moral reasons. In 1880 Howel's 16-year-old daughter Winnie, vibrant, charming, attractive and the apple of her father's eye, had fallen ill in a way so many guided age women and men fell ill. She quite suddenly could not cross a room unaided. She had to drop out of school. Winny became sick the same year that George Miller Beard published American nervousness, American nervousness. he, you could call it anxiety, maybe, he created a new world, new word, neurasthenia, to describe what he thought was a new phenomenon, lack of nervous force, and symptoms were baffling and various as a desire for excitement and stimulation coupled with fears that ranged from fears of being alone to fears of being afraid to fear of everything. Charlotte, Perkins, Gillman, whose story, the yellow wallpaper captured the disease was also... victim, it consisted, she wrote in her autobiography, of every painful sensation, shame, fear, remorse, a blind oppressive, confusion, utter weakness, a steady brain ache that fills the conscious mind with crowding image of distress. the end and damning result, the end and defining result was the paralysis of the will that afflicted winnie. the cause, doctors agreed was modern life itself. its barrage of information, noise, and distraction, its luxuries, and its constant demands, it unmanned men and defeminized women, leaving both men and women overcivilized, nervous, artificial, weak and detached from real emotion and vital experience. the introspection of reform, reformation protestantism, once devoted to monitoring the soul and the chances of salvation, had turned morbid and transmuted into mere self-obsession. Killman noted the significant aspect of her own case, she was does an effect allergic to the home, although she loved her husband and child, she saw the stark fact that i was well while away and sick while at home. i don't know, i don't know if that rings any bells for anybody. i don't know if that sounds like anyone you know or are. One thing I wanted to say about uh oh right and then we got the election of 1884 when the James G blain the man from Maine the symbol one of the symbols of uh post-war corruption ran for president against uh Grover the hangman of Buffalo Cleveland. and uh it's important to note that the whole issue basically boiled down to corruption because blaine was crooked and uh essentially Cleveland was more discrete so he wasn't but he was indiscrete sexually uh he essentially admitted that he had fothered a child out of Wedlock who he had paid for the education of which led to the campaign slogan of the republicans mama. where's my paw? so it was this battle of like personal virtue versus public uh, public virtue, but nobody was disagreeing with any of the top level stuff, everybody was for fucking uh strong money everybody was against strikes and working class organization, everybody was mildly anti-chinese uh, and they were all essentially dragging their feet towards civil service reform, it was have accepted that by that point the garfield assassination really set the seal that okay, this is going to happen, and it took them a long time, they pulled that bandate off real slow, but uh, because they had to you know create sink uh offload uh escape vessels for everybody uh, but then uh Blain was killed not by his corruption but most likely because he was accused of being in the same room with a protestant clergyman who said that the democratic party stood for rom, Romanism and rebellion, which was not... but uh the Irish catholics of New York wanted to hear, not that Republicans ever did terribly well with the Irish Catholics, but there were a good number of them who could have been persuaded to vote for a New York, could be uh persuaded to vote for an open-handed republican, a guy who was willing to you know uh, was willing to grease the wheels, but that didn't go over well, buse the... reminded them, oh yeah, those fucking uh, those cabbage eaters fucking hate us, those those fucking protestant square heads, they hate us, rum as in alcohol, because because good protestant northerners were were temperance men, it was the drunken passated germans and irish who drank, romanism for the catholic church, and then of course rebellion for the civil war, which yes they had done, and it is honestly kind of crazy that we let that party still... exist after they did the civil war, one of many things that the probably should not have been allowed to have happened. so I think for next week we're going to read a good chunk, because this goes very quickly, I'm not that worried about not having enough, we're going to finish the second half of the second part, so from dying for progress, ah, dying for progress, chapter 13 to. the poetry of a pound of steel, chapter 18, and then I think next week we'll do the last part and that'll be it, so I think we're seeing as we read the book, you know, the uh, the machine, the leviathan of capitalism sort of stitch itself together out of the pieces of the post war uh uh ferment, and the key month. was always bribery, at the end of the day it was bribery, that was what set this, that's what set the terms for uh where where the government was seeking its actual agenda from, where it's seeking its real uh, it's real validation, not from voters, but from people with money, because people had money more than people had more money, people had more paper money after the civil war than they'd ever had before, because the government had been throwing around money to build the war machine, and that's what does it, this is an MMT thing, and the MMTs are right, the US, when the US has said, hey, we get need to, we need to build an economy like for a war, like the civil war or World War II, we just do it, we just make the money up, and then we then the uh economic activity follows from the money, they're 100% correct about that, that's how that works. but where that money goes, whose hand it goes into, that is all that is not uh, that is very much controlled, that's that the hands that's already in are the ones guiding it, and they make sure that it accumulates to where it has always been, and then the more they have, the more they can buy things with, they're able to buy the continent from, they were able to buy the continent from us, because they essentially been places where money and paper have been held in the process of building an industrial war economy. and then a railroad economy after that, so if you imagine as i am, an alternative civil war reconst post war era, the key thing is: what what dominoes would have to fall to give to give electoral and political like self-actualization to the free slaves as soon as possible uh the urban working class and and northern small olders and i don't think it's impossible but man it'd be very unlikely but once again it's not a either or question it's not a yes or no question it's a deal where just to little bit more makes things a little better over time you know and just moves things in one direction rather than another. i think it's there. i've been thinking more about how i would actually want to like structure a counter narrative of reconstruction and i was saying you know lincon being assassinated that'd be a good place to put it, but honestly i would want to move it a little bit earlier and it is to to start with Benjamin butler uh i talked about the uh the conservative. face democrat turned radical republican, was one of the first generals to free slaves that they encountered in occuping the south and occupied New Orleans and became a radical. looking legislator after the war, wildly corrupt, but also a genuine populist who became a greenback party candidate, uh, a successful governor and then a candidate for president, he was offered the vice presidential slot before they gave it to Johnson, and right there, even if Lincoln still dies uh, in April of 1865, that could hugely affect things for the better, but also... what if Butler's vice president and then you know butterfly wings fly because of that and then Lincoln is not assassinated cuz it was a close-run thing he doesn't decide to go to the fucking uh show that night he says fuck it wit maybe maybe maybe Benjamin butler shows up with like a keg and they decide to get drunk and then they don't go to the theater and then somebody from like the surrat house uh drops a dime on him and then they all get arrested and it's just a footnote in history but then I would imagine, I still think that to get anywhere good, Lincoln needs to die and be a marter for America, but if he's a martter in like 1866 or 1867, and then Butler becomes president, Katie, bar the door. All right, so I'm going to wrap up here in a second, well we've been talking, have they declared a mega government. in Washington, have they seized the uh, the constitution and started adding amendments about like buck hunting, is everybody go home, what's going on? are they still in the capital building? Trump died, oh my god. I could see them like dosing him honestly right now, I could see them heart attack gunning Trump right now because you know they're actually like sitting him down, he had to give that fucking thing today where he said, look, I know they stole it, I know it's outrageous, I know they literally just took your right to vote from you and shat all over it, we all know that's true, but you got to go home, that's that's the that's why this thing has to break against the rocks, it cannot uh correct itself, because Trump cannot correct himself, because for him to actually do something about the... he would have to say, look, i didn't actually win, i was wrong, he would have to say that, he cannot start with look, this is a stolen election, but you should just accept that, he can say that because it's all fantasy to him, these people have taken it seriously, and then I'm hearing that uh the vice president authorized uh the national guard not Trump did they 25th amendment his ass did he get did he get coud are they sticking him in a fucking uh in like a back of a car like patrice le mumba what's going on is he gonna get dmed is he gonna get dmed by the joint chiefs and mike pence is that going to happen? Is Mike Pentz going to be our big min? It was big min right who did the who did the 63 coo? Yeah, min, yeah, big min, I was correct, I thought so, I know my Vietnam, so they they cough, did they cough him, that'd be very funny, I heard he unfollowed Trump and then refollowed him, I think we can say safely that m, Mike Pence will not be the the president, I mean, I think we all knew that, Mike Pence and Camala Harris are very similar in that, they will never be president, Camala Harris's only hope is that Biden dies in office and these guys don't die anymore, they've invented some sort of adrenachrome suppository that is like long-lasting, they will not die. Biden will be a gibbering skeleton at age 96 and he will still be alive, so she she's not going to die in office, he's not going to resign, she's not going to win a primary, and if she did get win a general, she would get her fucking ass killed, and then Pennce is the same way, pence has zero chance to ever be president, he will be the traitor's traiter, he is going to be... pounded for this, honestly it is pretty, it's pretty fitting, because I could see a thing where Pence becomes the people person that they hate more than any other person in the world, we're way more than any democrat who they sort of at essentially level they have. have to be like, well, you won, you know, you always end up putting venting your your real rage on the person on your side to betrayed you, the traiter is always hated more than the enemy, so uh, I could see Pence being the focus of their rage, like a guy getting pipe bombs in the mail every other week, and well, it's a tragic thing that it's come to that, if that occurs, it's not necessarily, I don't, I mean, parody in the game, it's it's, it's chicken's. going home to roost, honestly more like Pence is best chance as someone points out in the comments, run as a democrat as the guy who stopped Trump from doing a coo, how about that? no, no, no, there's some predictions that I that are easy, pence cannot be president, that those ones aren't that hard, I got to say man, if the my pillow guy was a little more charismatic and if he had run for office. yet, i don't know, i guess it he doesn't, he could go straight for the my pillow guy, it's just the thing about my pillow guy is that he doesn't have Trump's charisma, and that's a problem, he has the the regular guy, famous guy thing that they love, like he is a famous person who they think of as themselves and that's what they really want, but he doesn't have the the fucking, he doesn't have the showmanship, that's my only, that's why if only John Taffer were more famous among than mega people, it would be John Taffer, the guy's got he's another. reality show guy who fucking pops on tv, i mean i saw him give a speech at an Americans for prosperity convention, this is one of the first things i did as a as a tweeter slash journalist, me and brian quinby from street fight, this is before chappo started, went to Columbus Ohio to see John Taffer speak along with a bunch of the presidential candidates, not Trump, but Jeb was there, Bobby Gindall was there. um, fuck, a couple more losers, but those two for sure, uh, and I remember I saw, I saw Jeb Speak and wow, nothing, just stuff shirt, just absolute zero, Bobby Gindall also, pipsqueek, just imagining that those guys ever thought they were going to stand to Trump is astounding, but then fucking Tafer comes out and he just explodes on these people, and he essentially demands that they all swear a blood oath to defend small business, because it is the life blood and heart of America and of course, small business is the closest thing we have to the old small holding fantasy, the yoman fantasy that is the heart of American popular freedom, prafer would be the perfect encapsulation of that, he would be the perfect person to express that truth, sadly he's too niche of a figure, if bar rescue had been the biggest show on network television in the in the auts, then he we honestly had a chance, and that's what makes this whole thing so. difficult even think about is that Trumpism is going to splinter because there's no one to take the fucking torch from him. Don Jr. wants it, but he can't do it. Maybe it'll be Don Jr. But if it's Don Jr. it's going to be a much reduced trumpism. Because as I said at the beginning of the show, we're going to see a confrontation that had to come between the party apparatus with its long-term goals and it's commitment to the standing system because it benefits capitalism. uh and the wild lumpin uh id that has been indulged but never given, but that's because it could be indulged, it can't be indulged anymore, the stock boys won't allow it to be indulged anymore, play time is over, so how does this breakup happen? uh, that is the question, and what you could see is in a very short period of time, the republican party taken over by an explicit, ideologically committed trumpist faction that turns Q into reality from the inside of the party, but that will take time, it's not going to happen overnight, it would take several election cycles, but that would be the project, or people get the kind of get over, like biden becomes president and it's not as bad as they thought it would be, and the comforts of their home and the distractions of their life, and maybe hey, maybe oh, we got a vaccine now, Ruckers is open, you know, like, maybe, just maybe they start going home, and the the fringer are left and they form their own party that becomes like this thorn in the side of America body politic, but but it's one that will it'll be there for the profit of both parties and both branches of the ruling elite, so it's not going anywhere, but that'll be that'll be the contest, my hunch is that most of these people go home cuuse like for. now it's just that they cannot psychically imagine a world where biden is president, but once it's here and their lives are the same, it's going to take the wind out of some sales, not everybody. not anywhere close, i think we are, i mean if we had any question about whether there's going to be a rising stastic violence relative to related to politics, i think this should really throw that one out the window, i think that's going to happen for sure, what degree it's going to be real and what degree it is going to be literally coordinated with government agencies, gladio style, that might be the only real question, but we are definitely we are definitely. living in interesting times, which you're not supposed to do, but what are you going to do about it? what are you going to do about it? for god's sake i just want to grill, peace out.