 "the legend is on and the ch down, the big lake they call, like it is said never gives up the skies of novembers and gloomy, the end fits with a load 20,000 tons more than the admin fits gerald weight empty." that good ship and true as a bone to be true in the gays remember early the reck of menphist gerald that's a indigenous midwest culture right there and menphost gerald down in Lake Michigan might not be terribly long today I might not go the whole hour just warning you depending on how how it goes, but uh, I wanted to show the flag today, since we only have a few days left of the Trump president say, I feel like I got to put out as much content as possible, since you know, we're going to be entering the Biden zone soon, which man, it's going to be weird, at this point having Trump not be president is going to be very odd because how is the press, the media, press, I sound like I'm 90, the media, how is the media? going to deal with that, buse like they've all clearly decided at the top level that this guy is a threat to democracy, they've cut him off from twitter, but are they going to be able to maintain that uh that unified face in resisting the urge to just cover him like he's still president, because my god who wouldn't want to, i mean you're going to have otherwise what, you're going to have Joe Biden sitting in a rocking chair like grandpa Soyer and fucking Texas chainsaw massacre, give me a fucking break, that's not going to be fun, the inaugural, i can't wait for that speech, that's going to be a good sign of how much fun we're going to have is how good that speech is, how much one, how much jibrish? the problem is is that he's been pretty good on on prompter lately, he was good at the convention, i'm assuming at this point that they do have a special suppository or something that they give him that adrenachrome and fucking mally that just keeps. his brain sizzling and popping and then of course as soon as he finishes talking he just powers down completely and they have to put him in a fucking uh they have to put him in a century deprivation chamber for 12 hours to minimize overstimulation otherwise his brain will just completely uh implode it'll be fun though you know we'll we'll uh we'll find we'll make it fun if we'll make it fun damn it we'll make this guy fun to this, i mean he is, he is by far the most mentally uh out there out of their president since the like second term Regan, got to be some humor there, got to be some high jinks, that new radical song, that's not a good one to me, that's not a good 90s song to me, i'm sorry, um, sex and candy, these are the 90s one hit wonders where i wonder how? where i wonder how the hell they ever became hits in the first place buse there's plenty of one it wonders that are intuitive to me oh i get why the macarena was a big hit there's a periodic craving for big a dance number big dance song people can do together but why the hell i'm too sexy i get why that was fun and popular i mean you know it's it's it's fun uh if nothing else. but what the hell is going on with some of these songs? not a fan, steel my song, still my sunshine is not a bad song, it's a fine 90's song, certainly in the the bucket of 90s one hit wonders where i totally get why they were hits, old old town roads. is talking about old town road, old town road is weird and that it's almost less a one-hit wonder than a old time um novelty song which is a genre that has largely disappeared completely oh god how bizarre i hated that one that guy's voice was so winy why who liked that oh my god la fo uh lfo or whatever it was uh girls of summer terrible terrible song, i get why it was popular though, that was one i don't like, but i get why it was popular, some of them i don't like and i don't ' understand how anyone could like them, but i definitely got why, i mean they were a boy band, boy bands are popular, oh man, somebody mentions alien ant farm, i was thinking about this the other week, how much worse is it being, what's worse, what's all right, i mean first of all, there's a question, if you're a musician, is it better to have been a failure or a grinder or something or? to be got a one hit wonder where you get one a little moment in the sun and then you're a punch line, is it worth it? i mean in past generations but monetarily it definitely would because in the old uh cd and album era i think if you had one significant hit you were going to make enough money there if you didn't you know do what MC Hammer did and buy a bunch of race horses and solid gold pants you'd be sitting pretty but you know you'd still be now i don't even know if you get that but there's got to be a special sort of sadness that comes with being a one-hit wonder where the one hit was a cover like alien and farm their big hit was a cover of smooth criminal uh also in the 90s urge overkill from the pulp fiction soundtrack had a big hit that was a cover of Neil Diamonds girl you'll be a woman soon and not only does that st from a from a monetary perspective because you got to split royalties, but you don't even get to be known for a song you wrote, you wrote a bunch of songs, you're probably proud of and nobody's ever heard them, at least the one hit wonder can say, hey people heard a song i wrote and they sang along to it and they liked it, you just put some fucking rock guitar instrumentation behind a Michael Jackson song, that's got to suck. I mean certainly a case like that, some of them, the one hit wonder is more popular version of the song that was covered in which case you sort of are the winner there no matter what, but nobody's gonna forget fucking Michael Jackson because some asshole bald assholes showed up with guitars. A bunch of alien and farm people died in a plane crash, I did not hear that. My god, horrifying. No one's going to make me understand who Ariel Pink is, you can't do it, I refuse, you can't make me find out. Who let the dogs out was a cover? Probably, but there's no way that anybody did it as well as Baha man, I refuse to believe it, they took every. potential from that song and wrung it out, let the dogs out, yeah, even Mitt Romney had heard who let the bugs out, one of the greatest politician moments of all time, something. couldn't script, start shirt white mormon reading a bunch of black people and just immediately going, the dogs out, who? yeah, i got nothing today, uh, kind of waiting to see what happens on inauguration day, honestly. pretty excited about it, uh, I'm predicting one thing, massive, overwhelming national guard presence, and what else is happening at the same time, everybody who idiotically filmed themselves in the capital is getting arrested by the FBI, some of them are ticking, filming them, ticming themselves, turning themselves into the FBI, which and those... two things make it seem like they are in fact bringing down the hammer to let people know all right we're all having fun with this and you guys are useful to a degree but you are not um you're not calling the rodio you're not calling the tune the piper calls the tune and you don't got the fucking scratch you are a bunch of uh atomized streamers and real estate agents and a small engine repair company owners and parts distributors uh and you are not a coherent political force that can up end our... very very useful democratic structures, I'm not saying that they're august or virtuous, uh, I'm not saying that there's anything sacred about them, they are useful to power, so they're not going to be turned over to these Yahoos, because uh, because they believe everything they see on the internet, including that Donald Trump is anything other than a complete fucking fraud, I mean the the reason they all did that is because they thought they were being told by the president to do it and that he was going to then use their... actions as a part of a plan to take power, and he didn't have one, he just went home and watched tv, he told him he was going to march with them, and then all these idiots filmed themselves, because why wouldn't they? that this is the this is the overthrow of the old regime, this is like why would you filmed yourself breaking into the uh the American embassy in Tehran or or stazi headquarters after the fall of the Berlin Wall? oh yeah, no uh, thing you think you believe is is bullshit and uh and and more importantly than that there are consequences for you believing this bullshit and i think that a lot of these people are going to uh go back to posting some of them are going to become a-political and get into really weird shit which i'm very much looking forward to like deciding oh politics politics they're going to follow the rabbit hole into like some sort of esoteric religious shit and if that happens i'm down i want to hear about what that what that? and then some of them are going to probably uh get get violent, but they're not going to be any match for the state, although now you got uh the democrats terrified that some of the somebody in the in the national guard is going to kill Biden, because they know that this is a huge, there's a huge percentage of people in this country, including disproportionately white males in positions like the military who even if they aren't cube believers are... broadly sympathetic to the idea that Trump is better than Biden and that probably even that they stole the election from him, but how much, what are they going to do about it? what are they prepared to do about it? and we'll see, won't we? wonder where one thing we can all say is that everything is going fine and there's no problems whatsoever. we can all relax. i mean, that's what's so funny about the people who insist on you being upset or you personally showing some sort of fear of fascism, it's to say that your particular pet fantasy is not based in reality is not to insist inherently that things are good or'. That's your shit is not true. I do realize though that there is a real uh congruity between republicans under Obama who wid insist that Obama say the words Islamic terrorism and people telling me that I need to say fascism and the only difference is at least the republicans were asking you know the president of the United States to do it and not a fucking podcaster. logic is exactly the same, the undergiding logic is is that if enough people hear the bad scary word, they will, with the republicans it's agree with us on you, a policy, and with the fascist thing, in practice, it's the same deal, it's agree with democrats around a policy, and I cannot, I'm not going to sign up for anything that does that, because the democrats have nothing good to offer anyone, just they are, people, it's amazing the number of people insist. that they are like, look, I'm as left as anybody, I understand the democrats are bad, but you know, strategically supporting them for x, y and z. uh, one, they don't care about your help really, you're just some assholes on the internet, you don't really have any power, uh, and two, everything terrible that you're worried about happening, all of the the the the ratchet of nationalist and white supremacist violence uh and and cult like savagery. and like an unrestrained police state, that's all shit that they are encouraging at every step, because they're locked in the death spiral, the extraction and um and mitigating uh any attempt, any mitigating any popular opposition to a program of austerity, i mean that's what both parties do, they pitch it to different audiences, but they both exist to predict project a alternative to what people don't like uh and then they believe naively or desperately that that's what they're going to get when really what they're going to get. is a bipartisan collaboration to bring about worsening conditions for everybody. i mean it's going to be worse and they're both going to make it happen, and the anti-fascist agenda that you're supposed to be signing up for in practice is just defending the democratic party as they create what a domestic terror. organization a new uh uh intelligence agency staffed with like the the kids from uh captain planet who aren't going to be see no this isn't like an evil unaccountable uh um repressive state institution like in the past this one is uh has a staff of uh diverse millennials it's like the burger king kids club here's a kid in a wheelchair here's a black kid here's a latita these guys possibly couldn't abuse their power and try to suppress uh resistance to uh neoliberal hell, now so if that's what the whole point of it is, and that is it, it's that's that's what, that's what everybody, everyone is disingenuously arguing for either because they've convinced themselves, because the... too addicted to fear and too addicted to to the idea that they're in a cataclysmic moment in history where they could be defined by their resistance to evil in the form of posts or they really just want people to shut the fuck up and let Biden do his job and this is a good way to uh go about that, it's a good rhetorical culture. I saw Eric Levits claim broadly, claim explicitly the all the whole point of the fascism thing is to get people to not like them, it's a it's a uh, it's a mess. they're already sorted, you're not bringing any new people into the fold, you're not convincing any new people, that's really what what people seem to be unwilling to accept, probably because it shows how functionalist they are, how inable they are to do anything meaningful other than just fill a roll is that our political discourse is pitched to the same group of of people who who consume political media and vote, and that is a relatively stable pool of people whose opinions are made up, the only way that you're going to break the dynamic we have now, the only reason way you're going to destroy the republican party, the way that so many uh liberal leftists demand is if you radically changed the the uh the demographic and size of the political subject in this country. Corey Robin has been 100% right about this the whole way a long way by the way. I got, I was, I said this on a previous stream, but Robin has gotten the Trump thing way better than a lot of other uh intellectuals who you'd think would be able to see what was in front of them, but uh, but you know, are blinded by the same spectacular politics that that in source. as I like to say, all of us, so give him credit for holding strong, one thing that uh, one element of fascism that is totally absent in the current variety, and I don't think anyone even argues otherwise, is the uh territorial expansionism, and you can say, oh, saber rattling with iron. or increasing bombings in Yemen or Somalia, that's all terrible, but it's mostly part of the machinery of of of of of it's it's maintaining the machinery of of the empire we have, and that's just it, we have already taken everything, where is to expand, and that's because fascism was the the late piglets to the trough of colonialism, the places that went fascism. were the countries that because Italy and and Germany were the European countries that because they became modern polities the latest were able to access the spoils of empire last, at which point most of it was already taken, the minor doctrine had shut uh had shut uh western hemisphere to any kind of expansion and Africa and China were carved up between the uh the British and the French, hell the... Portuguese and the Dutch had more fucking stuff than the Germans and the Italians had, and the thing that guys like Mussolini and Hitler realized that in the... uh, in the world of the nation state, if you take as a premise, nation state competition as existential, which Europeans had for generations and which had been you know violently and horrifically and monstrously demonstrated in World War II, or I'm sorry, World War One, uh, which was, you know, uh, in many ways exasterbated by the colon, the great game, the colonial game, um, "they saw, oh, we we don't stand a chance in this contest, the Japanese military had the same epiphany, we don't stand a chance, unless we can access some fucking raw materials, if we can access some of those new markets going, if we can reach that next higher stage, higher stage of capitalism that Lenin talked about, and the moral of horror that the allies saw that were able to." provoke at the uh at the access was essentially that they were doing that stuff or they wanted to do that stuff, one in Europe, at least uh Hitler did, Germany did in in the with the ost plan where they were going to turn the Ukraine into a a neofeudal uh like a neo feudal agricultural colony with like little communities of ss officers and their families as as colonial barons. and then the the the remaining uh slave population that hadn't been starved to death would be working in an agricultural surfdon basically um so they did it to the wrong people and they did it after uh the rest of the European empires had uh to a degree or another civilized themselves by virtue of time passing and by virtue of success there's nowhere to go. now the the myth is over, we're not creating political, there's no movement in America, least of all trumpism. that is trying to create a a polity or I mean is trying to create a national project and I think the reason that that matters and the reason it's not just uh fucking pedantic academic shit is because it all goes to the question of well what do you do about it which is the only question that actually matters right? obviously the academic definitions are meaningless the question is what do you do about it and the... the the the reality of the the emotional reality of the fashions of question is that what it means is what you do about it one support the democrats and everything they do because they are only alternative and because they are a meaningfully anti-fascist force even though as I've said we're actually operating a system where both parties move the ball forward in tandem inching towards shit. uninterruptedly and that they are like symbotically connected and that the democrats are as responsible as republicans are for the drift of things so that therefore supporting them obvious to the degree that it's in any way effective is effectively helping everything get worse including the rise of whatever the hell kind of fascist demon you think is being conjured here and then otherwise if it's not that what is it? punch nazis, spectacles of violence, i don't, that just seems like more uh, more personal expression, replacing political organizing, or or posting, a lot of it seems to be posting to try to get everybody to your level of anxiety and then make thinking that that will make people move forward, and that might work if we had a situation where there was emerging in the land a a or a... coherent nationalist movement to fill a a political space, but there's no space, there's just a bunch of fucking people milling around and people filling out carrying out individualized fantasys of of violent redemption, which is what we've been doing now for generations, and if that's the case, then the implications are the goal. or the the um the goal needs to be, the project needs to be building a left, building a coherent. uh expression of a class politics in order to challenge the democrats and republicans and by virtue of doing that challenge this drift towards like white man white violent fantasy, which is a real thing and is truly being ratcheted up, and so if that's the case and I think it's true regardless of where you fall on any of the semantic questions. the the need to fill the public space with real class politics is still the the necessary goal regardless of anything if you take that fact and add to it the fact that the uh the the lesson that many people seem to want to take from uh a a explanatory model that involves words like fascism and and and stuff is is to just do more clinging to the co-tales of the democratic party and hoping that they protect you from from the mean bad people, but they're all the same monsters, and while they night the democrats might not be as as malicious, they might not be as sadistic, they might not be as racist, they are as committed to the machines that produce not if not the feelings, those... the willingness of people to act on them, politically and personally. God, Elon must being the richest person in the world right now, I mean if whatever histories of the era like of the roaring 20s before the big collapse, uh, and I don't mean necessarily a collapse of like civil government, but a economic correction, which I think is inevitable, just you know, you you who the hell knows when it's coming, the fact that the richest guy on earth was someone who didn't. really make anything who did not have any basis for his wealth that made sense in any intuitive way. Bill gates made computers, people bought the computers, Jeff Bezos delivers things to you, and compluters and other computers also other products. What is Elon Musk do? He makes like 10,000 shitty electric cars that cost a ton of money and kill you a year, and and lives. building tunnels that are that that and says they're going to replace uh like mass transit and they're literally the their theme park rides and he doesn't even build them i mean he just he he games tax brakes and incentives uh in the green sector and uh and in space and stuff just to get his name out there and associated with a vision of uh technological deliverance. from this moment that we live in, and then exploits that to absurdly overvalued, absurdly world historically overvalued stock, nothing has ever been as overvalued as Tesla, I'm not a bunch of an expert on this shit, but it's not, I don't think a lot of people would argue with that, I mean the underlying financials of that company are nonexistent, and what it is, is the reason this has happened, one because we are in this gigantic bubble where the money is just slashing around, there's not there's nowhere to get profit, so everything is just pure speculation uh, and also the fact that he has become the cultural avatar for uh, for capitalism saving itself, because everybody knows everybody can sense that this shit is all in a bad trajectory, unless you're a completely, i mean unless you have your own fantasies of queue where we're all going to get eaten by reptiles and you're still and everybody is feeling apocalyptic whether you believe in global warming or not, but if you do believe the global warming is real, you do believe that we are going towards a condition of significant ecological crisis and and these uh instability, but because you are an American more than anything and your ideologically uh struct your your ideological understanding of the world is structured, or especially if you're somebody who invests in the stock market and you have a literally interest in capitalism is maintaining itself, the conclusion you might draw from the crisis were in of, oh this system doesn't work, is not appealing, because you don't want to do way with. system does well for you and you have you have, you also have faith in it, ideological faith in it. Ellon Musk is the figure who has embodied the notion the capitalism can fix itself through innovation, and through through brilliance and uh and dedication, all the all those stuff that has brought us all of of the greatest technological innovations and history, that will also solve the present crisis, whatever, however form it takes, whether it's en or environment, it can all be ameliorated by brilliant men of vision, men of vision mostly, applying their brilliance to the the the thorny technological questions because if you cannot accept that there is a fundamental problem with the the system that is producing these outcomes, then the only solutions you can accept are: that something is broken within it and that that can be technologically fixed, that there that that there is some sort of application of engineering somewhere along the line that can uh bring us back onto the the beam, and elon musk's pitch to the world is that he can do it, he's going to get us all electric cars and batteries and underground tunnels that will sooth all of our social ills and buy us more time and people are willing to spend a lot of money to believe that and the and especially since at this point it's only an upside because the motherfucking stock keeps going up fucking guy was on rick and morty for christ sake and so the fact that you have this significant, this overlapping series of deepening ecological and economic catastrophes and crises that are compounding one another across a global economic system and the richest person to to emerge from the system that exists to create giant fucking fortunes is this paper billionaire whose entire wealth is predicated on ludicrously overvolued stock that is entirely pumped up by PR stunts uh back room deals with uh government uh and a worldwide self-delusion and need to believe in capitalism, at the end of the day we just have to believe because the alternative is to unthinkable and and Musk is someone you can actually believe in, not just... from the sidelines, but from the position of uh a investor and consumer, you can make it happen, you can buy a Tesla, you can buy Tesla stock, or you could go online and argue in people's comments about how he's a genius, even though he today suggested that they build tunnels under Miami, which is in Florida, a state with a water table that is about three inches below the surface of the of the of the earth and is entirely limestone, I mean just a a a bimbo, but and a and a classic carnival barker, and it makes and it's perfectly fitting that he would be our avatar of global capitalism, this scam artist, and then look who is the avatar now of trumpism in the absence of Trump, Mike Lindell, the my pillow guy, who is another perfect avatar of middle American petty bourgeois reaction, uh, I'm going to see if I can't find the quote, but uh, but Rick Pearlsteen's first book before the storm, the one about Barry Goldwater, um, features in the very beginning, an extended description of this type of people who would make up the the first um, generation of funders and organizers of the... the right-wing reaction to the new deal consensus that emerged after world war uh 2, so let me see if i can find this quote, all right, here it is, this is from the very first chapter uh before the storm, the manionites, imagine you live in a town of 20 or 50 or 100 thousand souls, in Indiana, perhaps, or Illinois, or Missouri or... tennessee with a colonnated red brick city hall at the center, a main street running its breath, avenues rimmed with modern bungalowes and named for trees and exotic heroes and local luminaries interrupted at intervals by high steepled churches. On the outskirts of town or factories. It is June 1959, in three shifts a day, they throw up great clouds of smoke, churning out vast pools of cement, cords of lumber, spools of rolled steel, machine parts of every size and description. Although no one who doesn't have to, would ever venture inside one of these factories, local points, locals point to them with pride, because they are what make their little town prosper, and because all over the world foundaries use machine parts inscribed with the town's name. Imagine you are the proprietor of one of these concerns, your father founded it. Perhaps to start things, he catched a loan from the father of a man you bank with now, probably by dind of their shared membership on any number of company boards and fraternal orders and community chests and church committees, the bank let it slide with your father, had made sacrifices to expand his plant in the hopes that the town's grand children too might enjoy its fruits, was late a time or two paying off a note. you grew up reading the adventurer novels in the kit, mark tid series by clearance buddington keland, an author prominent of the national republican party, and your favorite was the story of a group of boys taking... over a rundown sawmill and getting it to turn his profit. Up till then a river didn't mean anything to me, but a time to fish or swim in, the narrator says, but before I was many months older, I discovered that rivers weren't invented just for kids to monkey with, nor yet to make a home for fish. They have their businesses just like anybody else, and they're valuable just like any other business, getting more valuable with more business they do. Calvin Kolid once said the man built a factory builds a temple, the man who works there worships there. You agree, you like Calvin Kooli. By the time you took. over the plant, uh, the editions you built were too expensive to finance through any of the banks in your town, which was now a small city, more and more you found yourself trudging to New York, hat and hand for money. New York, after all, controlled over a quarter of the nation's banking reserves. Your letter had soon bore an address in Manhattan as well as the one in your town, but it galled you that it took what it took to get the Wall Street boys to take you seriously. You would work much harder than any of them when they went, you went to college with them back east. When the Union Rep come by to try to sign up. your men, there are hundreds, but you know most of them by name, you told the workers stories of the sacrifices your father made for their fathers, you reminded them of the times you kept everyone on the payroll when business was slack of how you were always ready with an advance to help with a new baby or a sick mother. for 50 years they seemed perfectly happy without a union, but when FDR signed the wagnar act, the organizers came again, this time with a slogan, the president wants you to join a union, a union came. uh, this goes on for a while. but I highly recommend anybody reading it, and in it he describes the small burgers, the small bourgeois in in the nation's interior that were the original fonts of anti-nudeal reaction at the cultural level, and how over time they became more influential as more people came to agree with them, but they were at first very, very limited in number because there were that many people. feeling that the bad the deal was bad because that was the time of the great prosperity, but as things got worse and as cultural differences sharpened, especially, and then after the new neoliberal turn, it only got bigger and bigger uh, and now you've got people who have no financial stake and like the small regional economies are in fact as much surfs to them as the rest of us are surfs to global finance uh, but who don't see that, only see because they've been the... that they recognize and either accept or reject and that there has no real underglining politics, but the reason they're doing that, the reason they listening that, the reason they're they're responding to those cultural quees is and the reason that they want answer that is that bloody and is that confrontational and is that apocalyptic is because things are worse for everybody, and even if they are worse for you, you can see them getting worse, and for a lot of these type of people, they are getting worse, but the the the modern version of this guy that that uh he's talking about here, person he's talking about is Mike Lindell, but of course he is the version from now, not from them, he is the version who was a crackhead for 40 years, and then decided that oh, actually Jesus loves me more than anyone on earth and is told me that it is my destiny to become a billionaire pillow salesman, and now he is a a a small relative to the fortunes back east uh bourjois factory owner like there's a factory that makes those goddamn pillows in in Minnesota and now he is the them he is he is the small holder the one from that that that that or small factory owner the small business tyrant uh over is that and this is also one of the things that undermines all the fretting about oh what if a competent trump what about a smart trump what about a trump that's a contradiction in terms because trump's incoherence and idiocy are the things that people like about it because what got trump through the door more than any policies was that other dumb people heard him and knew that he was so dumb like them, the reason that you're not going to see, the reason that he was able to bull just bull over all those regular republicans and why no regular republican will be able to get his base, no matter what they say, is that regular republicans are for the most part smarter than the people they're talking to or imagine they're talking to, and that comes across as condescending, there is a degree of falseness and to political communication that your rustic dumb ass recognizes and Sarah palalen broke through because she was a genuine rustic idiot and Trump put upton because he is also a genuine restic idiot, but the thing they also but because they were both genuine rustic idiots and because their rustic idiocy. is what endeered them and made them popular, it also guarantees that they could not create a political uh movement of any coherence to pass on and to exploit because they're too dumb to do that, they're too dumb to care about that stuff, the sarah Palin is more ideologically committed to like conservativism as a concept than Trump is, but just barely, she is a instagram dipshit, and she only ever cared about herself, and so as soon as she got... at the national spotlight, she blew it on reality shows and tommy te endorsements and it's now a fucking laughing stock. Trump was able to take that movement, get to the center of it and take it to the presidency, but as soon as he lost, it's over, he wasn't even, this his attempt to to foment a coup, and I mean yeah, of course he tried to keep overturn the election, there's no question he tried to overturn the election, but he did that by just calling people and say overturn the election, please, and then just tweeting to his followers, overturn the election. please and then go in front of people and say overturn the election please. if you're at the center of a fucking political conspiracy, you actually have to have some agency, especially when you're the president of the fucking united states and he had none because he is a rustic dumb ass who is just interested in himself, has no object permanence let alone a vision of an enduring political legacy, he doesn't care about passing on anything to anyone else because anyone else isn't him, like talking to him about a legacy is terrible because you're making him think about... the fact that he's not going to be here someday and he can't conceive of that buse he's a dumb ass, and if he hadn't been that dumb, they would have picked up on it, and Mike Lindell is as much a rustic dumb ass as Payen or Trump, which means his dumb assness will come off as authentic, and it will mean that he will be as incapable of building an actual movement as any of them have been. They will all get let around by the nose by fucking actual political operators who are keyed into interests beyond. of above and beyond the narrow fucking ego of these rustic dumbasses and they will make them do what they want to do, which is why Trump governed as a fucking republican, the only big thing he carried out, the only big domestic policy he carried out was a fucking tax cut, he had a chance in that election, even with covid and his horrible botching of covid, he had a chance to win that election, if he had fought harder for checks, that was totally in his control. to do, even if McConnell was going to hold him up, even if Polosi was going to hold him up, he could have fought for them harder, he could have fought to put his name on him more, instead, what did he talk about in the run up to the election, he talked about how he couldn't get his giant shits down the toilet, he talked about how share was mean to him, buse he was too stupid even to know what he was to know where what he was actually like the buttons he was pressing or how where what access to powers and access to um to influence he had, how much did Trump talk about the two about the checks and how he wanted more checks? he tweeted it a couple of times, did he put at the front and center anywhere? no, because his advisors also didn't want those checks, they also probably wanted him to lose, honestly they were sick of him and he served his purpose, and he had no ability to push against that, even though it was in his power. because he didn't even, he wasn't even aware of it, because he wasn't even able to keep the thought in his head long enough to pursue it, he was distracted, he saw fucking squirrel out the window or fucking uh, he was watching the William Deveine for Goldline commercial again. That's and if he hadn't had that, if he hadn't been that rabbit brained, he wouldn't have gotten in that position in the first place where people would think he was a god emperor and want to fucking charge into the mouth of congress on beh's behalf, the stupidity, the idiocy, the authenticness is what they're responding to more than any policy. see people say Napoleon the 3rd, but Napoleon the 3rd spent his whole life fixated on becoming emperor of France, he thought it was his birthright, he got arrested several times and spent time in prison years in prison for trying to overthrow the government, in his prison he wrote himself, not have not just have a fucking ghost writer rote, wrote books where he imagined what like the political economy of of of a... restored bonapartist empire would be, he was actually pursuing all along a goal, and then when he got himself elected president, thanks to the potato sacks in the countryside and the sausage addicted soldiers and the lumpian proletariat, he was able to um exacerbate the conflicts within the ruling class in order to overcome them and defeat them in turn and superseed them because he was actually trying to do that, Trump has never tried to do anything, the trade war is the closest thing they did to any kind of like economic populism and it fucking failed, it blew up in their faces, all it did was fucking poperize a bunch of soybean farmers in the mid-west. that was and because it's like we're getting killed in trade, he's not doing it as some sort of attempt to create a new industrial policy and like create a bring back the jobs, whatever the hell that means, he's thinking in in in pure terms of uh of of like state competition, even though these are interdependent economies and it ended up just being a button mashing disaster that helped nobody. it did bring back the McRib though, i think, i'm not sure if that's true, but i think i read that when one of the reasons they brought back thegrib is is that uh china's uh retaliatory tariffs on on uh pig uh pork bellies led to a glut which meant that McDonald's could swoop in grab them like Trump only cares about his own brand and not even like brand beyond himself like to his family him because he cannot imagine himself dying, he cannot imagine himself not existing, it's why he has to watch tv all day, it's why he has to keep the focus on himself at all times and keep the volume up, because he's got to drown out that fucking voice has said telling him he's going to die, one of my favorite trump moments ever just as a pure tableau of of just monstrous uh crudeness was during the campaign, i think he was on an airplane, the campaign playing being interviewed and there was a big tv on and it was blaring the empire carpet jingle, this guy is supposed to be a billionaire running for president and he's just glued to the tv like all like like your grandfather, which is why they love him because he's the same, he's there is a identification beyond politics, beyond even words and it's a recognition. some mutual recognition, just think how many times he has heard the fucking seleno and barns jinggle and uh the empire carpet jingle in his life, how many times has heard uh the catheter ads that they play on fox news? It's my money and I need it now. "you had a structured settlement and you need cash now, the people who have those songs in their head all the time are unemployed loser types and fail sons such as myself. uh and old retired people and the the literal president of the literal United States, call jd, i was always wondered about the jd wet thing, how many calls do they get a day of from people going, hey i want one of those structured settlements, how many times does the does the person at that? uh hotline number have to say, no, we can only restructure an existing settlement, we can't get you one, I would probably to have fun kind of be like, well, if you want a structured settlement, here's what you do, you go down to the grocery store, you find a nice recently uh mopped piece of uh floor, and you just eat shit in uh, hopefully on camera, uh, in front of witnesses if possible. make sure to just go totally ham on it though, you can't, you can't pussy foot, you got to really really really commit to hitting your head on the fucking floor, tell jd what worth, no damn it, well that's going to be in my head for the rest of the day, fantastic. Oh god, vaginal mesh, that's got to be one of the grimmist jobs, is at the call center, the vaginal mesh lawsuit number, call people calling in to tell you about their mesh mishaps, their vaginal mesh mishap, their vaginal mesh mishaps, vaginal mess. vaginal mesh mishaps, vaginal mesh mithap, vaginal mesh mishaps, vaginal mesh mishaps, vaginal mesh mishaps, there we go, did it three times, very proud of myself. Yes, please clip that, that should be a clip, clipping is disabled, maybe because uh, I'm getting canceled too much, I don't, I never dis, I never disabled it, I don't know how I would know how to go about doing that, I still don't know how they get these little pictures of me in the in the chat, I i don't how that works, hey there's a little me, what's going on? Hey, there i am, yeah, I was hoping someone would post that, my little face, there he is, hi, adorable, now! Wonderful, it's wonderful what you have in your brain instead of memories and feelings and connections to other people. You just have this these broken toys of jingle shards and slogans and contextless phrases. Ponty pool really was really was this prophetic film, so much of our uh our berserk moment, I think. obviously at every level it's being forced and exacerbated by the continual you know pressure of worsening conditions of worsening of of greater precarity, remember it's about precarity, it's not about absolute conditions, sense sense of felt precarity and lack of control, on top of that, just everybody's head being filled every day with more, like we used to have three memes a year. there used to be three memes a year and two of them came from super bowl commercials, now you get three memes a day, how are you supposed to have a brain, how are you supposed to be able to think with that noise in your head at all times? yes i am grandpa Simpson, but some of the older troks will remember. the pre-internet era, not even pre-internet, pre like social media era, there were very few uh things in a year that like would become a a cultural reference. point and a lot of them were commercials and specifically superbow commercials, you'd sit and you watch the super bowl and one of the big things you'd do is you'd pay attention for the big ad, was up budwizer frogs and then that would last you for six months. the budball, does anyone remember the bud bowl, they had the little bottles play football and we were supposed to get all excited about who is going to win, oh man, taste great less filling, doritos did a number of them, the the dally larder, not i what was her name? i can't remember her name, but there's a a woman who like got a acting career buse she was sexy in a Dorrito's commercial, was not Allie Larder, i think her name was alie something, she married uh, she married mario lopez, i think and then they got divorced very quickly after that. Alie landriy they're saying, let me check. Yep, that was her, she sexy aterrito and became famous for it, different time. So yeah, if I have any advice for anyone, it's uh, limit your own me. going to take because if you just let yourself indulge in memes willyy nilly, you are going to get meme diabetes, so it's up to you to limit your meme intake, no more than i'd say a meme, you know what a memeam a week, you get one meme a week, see if that can handle if you can handle that. all right, bye-bye.