 spend all my time making money, spend all my money making time, take it to limit. take it to the limit, take it to the limit, one more time, show me a sign, take it to limit one more time, okay, it's going, good, i don't have my computer right now, so i have to go by faith that i'm broadcasting. thing i'm having mineral water right now, it's very good. all right, first of all, thank you to everybody who has said log off to me when i've posted today, this week, but you can stop, i mean, if you want to keep doing it as a bit, that's fine, don't do it when i'm replying to someone because it's someone else's mentions and they don't need them clogged, i said that at the time because i needed to take like, you know, what i felt was radical action to to refocus myself, but i've spend enough time this week really applying that reasoning to the project to the point where if I post a couple times a day that's fine. Okay, and I have not been posting more than like twice a day, and I've been spending maybe an hour daily on Twitter, which is a huge difference from my uh gen, my regular uh diet of online, and since I have to do online to a degree. for the show, i'm not going to totally log off, so it's about finding a balance, i i no, it's not a slippery slip, see that's the thing, the slippery stop thing, that's when you aren't self-motivated, that's when you're that's when you're like slapping nick uh nickerette patches on to avoid smoking uh, in fact like making extreme demands of yourself like that is a sign that you don't have a healthy relationship with the thing in question uh i i feel like i have a healthier relationship and therefore i'm fine so if you see me posting a ton that's not great but i don't think that will happen so just basically so that like i can reply to a friend of mine and not have to worry that 15 people are going to be in their mentions saying log off which is just going to annoy them i want to be able to talk to people who i do have like actual relationships with even if they're digital if it contradicts what i said last time well i celebrate myself and i sing myself i cont multitudes, so but thank you for your concern, uh, progress, I assure you is being made and I'm very excited about it, but I'm not just writing the book all day, that would be insane, I have other things to do, I have actually a number of projects now that are all erupting at once, so the progress is being made, so this is the first of what we'll now hopefully be a weekly Friday vibe stream where I will interact with the chat, talk about stuff. I've talked to Chris about maybe having guests if he can help me with that, including him, like talking to Chris, and I love talking to Chris, so that will be try to do that every Friday, and now starting next Wednesday will be another stream about a book. I have said black reconstruction, but I thought about it. I really think like considering where where I started with the the white book, I think really the most... the thing that makes sense next in terms of like reducing uh would be the foner reconstruction book so uh Eric Foner's reconstruction the unfinished American Revolution uh we're gonna I'll talk about the first chapter since it's only it's Friday and thatly it's Wednesday already talk about the first chapter of phoners Boner not boner I'm sure he got that a lot growing up uh Eric Bone Bones Reconstruction so we'll do the I'm not. I think we'll do black reconstruction after this one. I am doing a racism, I'm doing an imperialism, but the thing about Fanner's book is that it covers a longer period of time and it is more uh, it's it's just got a broader sweep, and like I feel like you go from white, which is the whole guilded age from the end of the civil war until the uh election of Mckinley, then you do Fanner, which is the whole of like reconstruction. from an academic perspective, and then you do, boys's black reconstruction, that feels like that makes sense to me as like a uh, a vector for a... acquiring uh like the correct historical uh framework for for building out from there and then after that we'll see those are going to be the next three or the next two starting with first chapter of foner on Wednesday you don't have to have read it obviously I'm not just going to talk about what's in there it'll be a jumping off point but that'll be that and then that's going to be the two that's it though we're not I'm going to try not to do any other ones if something really gets me I'll... write it down, i'm not going to, not going to just come on here to yell about it. i will post, after this, i will post a tweet saying what uh next week's book club will be, please don't respond, log off to that. so what are you guys up to? what's going on with you hep cats and kittens? someone's asking, have i seen babylon berlin? it's very much up my alley, i should watch it at some point, i haven't seen. get that let me begin because I mean if I'm Mr. counterfactual now if I'm looking backward now in this period of stasis for me anyway you politically you want to talk Lincoln assassination another the other big one really that comes to mind immediately after that is the the failed German revolution so that'll be I should take a look at it. Oh man, I've not seen the stand remake uh, I've seen some clips from some people who've watched it, I've noticed no one is talking about it, it looks absolutely terrible uh, I mean, and it's not like the 94 one is that good, but it makes the 94 one look like the kubric shine, it it basically makes this this stand makes the 94st, that this stand is to the Stephen Webber uh, um cable shining as the 94 stand is to kubrick shining. yes, lex g is really where i've been finding out, don't, don't bother the poor man, but that he's my favorite uh, uh, he will not, he will not allow you to to uh to follow him anyway, he's locked uh, but it looks absolutely terrible and it really does, it does make it hard not to feel like mass market, mass market. entertainment is getting worse, and I know that that is a thing that people resist saying because it makes you sound like an old man yelling in a cloud, and there is always an emotional element to that that is reducible really to just you know things are better when you're younger than when you're older when it comes to culture and a bunch of other stuff, but man uh just like everything about it just seems so uh inert. and that's too bad cuz i love the stand, i mean that i read i read when i was a kid i read the the like the thousand page version with all the stuff that got cut out of the original release that obviously probably should have been cut when like uh king was at his most gacked when he was mr fucking yayo uh and just writing 10,000 uh words a a a day but man the new one looks bad i'm hearing that the trash can'. man played by Eza Miller is thermonuclearly terrible uh so why is Topochiko bad for you it's mineral water what are you talking about why what are you why are you people trying to do for me what are you trying to do to me what's in here there's calcium is that bad so what's wrong with it? kidney sounds i'll be fine. now i'm trying to cut back on uh on boos in general. uh, doctor sleep was a very not a good book and a worse movie. and it's it's very funny because it so clearly exists for spite uh because the whole reason that Stephen King hated kubrick shining is because Jack Torrence was him and kubrick's version of Jack Torrence is not redeemable, he's not he's not a man who has some weakness and slipped when and and you know gave into his worst instincts, he is, he was a a he was a vessel for evil, and so... It's not surprising at all that King hated that because it was essentially a two-hour long uh a dissection of his darkest impulses and essentialization of them and that's fine what's it's it's to be expected but his his 30 year long attempt to essentially erase the Kuobrick movie from existence first by making that awful tnt version and then doing the terrible uh sequel, which was then made into a somehow worse movie, although I have to say it's very funny to me that he wrote the book to help exprigate the movie from existence and reaffirm the primacy of the original novel, and as a result, Dr. Sleep is a sequel to the book, not the movie, and so that means that Dick Hallorin didn't die, and also uh the overlook blew up, and so at the end of the movie, when they went in the end of the... the book doctor sleep when they go to the overlook, it's just a big field, but the movie is a sequel to shining the movie, and it when they go back to overlook, it's still there, that's uh, that's very ironic, did i not send a a uh a twit, a tweet, a twit, a tweet about the stream, i thought i did, i don't have my computer. i can't leave this, i thought i sent as i'm sorry, i don't have my twitter, my my my computer right now is is down, i did, okay, good, Oh man, the shining sequence in Readyplayer one. Spielberg is a demon, I mean he's incredibly talented, but he is a fucking demon, allegedly. Contrasting him with Cameron I think really shows you that that like Spielberg is is terrifyingly narcissistic and everything that he does. comes from that uh, i kind of honestly sometimes think that his most autobiographical movie aren't any of the ones about divorce in the suburbs, it's temple of doom, when you could think about who he pals around with in hollywood, who else uh, it makes up the dreamworks team, it makes you think that like that was actually the movie about his life, the the uh the idea that women are... are to keep around as arm candy, but they're not there to have any kind of emotional relationship with, real real time is with the bros including the small, the small friends and sometimes that uh fun involves uh maybe in temple underground where you do fun things and you chill out with your dudes and your bros and how the mark of sophistication is the willingness to eat things and perform rights for example that maybe normal people would find uh horrifying, allegedly, i'm just saying spielberg gives me the fucking creeps as a person, he's very talented and it's interesting contrasting him with Cameron who probably is a bigger jerk to work with than Spielberg, but clear. is not part of the uh part of the demonic set in Hollywood, I'm not against hanging out with the boys, but you know, you need a uh, you need an integrated self, and I don't think he ever got one of those. I think Spielberg's very talented, I Spielberg is able to uh, to create investment in uh, characters visually, which is very difficult, he's able to make you identify with a character and then create stakes for that character's actions that compel you to keep watching, just just with depictions of them, which is a tough thing to do. Oh yeah, the Lincoln movie, I loved the Lincoln movie when I saw it, I gave it like four and a half stars on letter box if anyone wants to go back and look at it, the politics of it are genuinely terrible, I mean like all the Spielberg's politics overt politics as opposed to the metapolitics that he's dealing with, the uh the actual um overt politics of Spielberg's movies and this is one of the things that makes you know that he is you know a hollow man is is the sort of the sort of... soulless liberalism that it's horrifying to imagine somebody investing that much uh energy in depicting because it's so just the background radiation of life, why would you feel the need to do that? why would you feel the need to assert in this culture the need that that like compromise is the most important thing? like what the fuck? especially since the context doesn't even make sense uh Abraham Lincoln was not compromising with... anybody, they were, they were burning and destroying half of the goddamn country in the middle of all those debates about the 13th amendment, and you're supposed to side with Lincoln over Stevens, when they're discussing plans for the south, and Stevens is talking about de uh, just uh, exproperating the entire planter class and redistributing their uh, their land, and Lincoln's like, oh, you do fall, as if what we got. instead is so manifestly better than that would have been, but honestly I feel like the real slander if there is one is that I don't think Lincoln, I think Lincoln was would have pursued a course closer to what Stevens was proposing than to what we fucking got from Johnson, which is one of the reasons I want to really explore the concept of a counterfactual non-assassinated Lincoln reconstruction, but the thing that makes that movie good is one, the actual storytelling visually is compelling, like when when they're doing the vote on the 13th of... and then the bells chime, it's it's i i teered up, and of course the performances are amazing, and yeah, Danielis is the definitive Lincoln, and uh, those those elements are all great, but they're in the service of this soulless entity, and that's the spiel, that's the thing with Spielberg, there is a hole there, there is a big gaping hole, and the more he, the more he's able to hide it, the more he's able to aliight it, the the more sort of purely pleasurables his movies are like jaws, but where he like reflects it like link it like like his more overtly political movies that he's done recently like uh the post and stuff you see that hole and it's like it's a little creepy jos isn't soulless of course jos isn't soulless because he's not showing you his hole he's not he's not putting a flashlight in his hole and you can thank carl got leib and and and fucking tripus like these are collaborative processes, it's not just the director, not like speel, et jurassic park, fantastic, i got to rewatch close encounters, it's been a long time, i don't think Lincoln was gay, he probably did gay shit though, with like Joshua speed, he probably did some gay shit, but i think gay shit was pretty common among his class. time really because one thing to remember is that guys didn't get guys got guys in like the aspiring classes in the 19th century got married late, they did not get married in their early 20s, they got married often in their 30s, what were the hell were they doing during the height of their uh their like essential drive? they were probably doing you know obviously there was a lot of prostitution, but also there was some proton, but I don't think that he was like, I think, I think he he, I think it was more fluid in general, like talking about gayness before like the modern era is kind of uh a misaplication of term anyway. Bukan and I think was like exclusively for the dudes. Bukannon was a guy who you would buse the guy his uh, the big reason for that, the big reason I think that is because of his close intimate friendship with another politician of the era, another dough face named uh, briefly vice president, although he died before he could get sworn in of malaria, I believe in Cuba, William Ruphus de Vene King, who was known in Washington for his flamboyant attire and affect, uh, and I believe Andrew Jackson called the two of them aunt fannie and Miss Nancy or something like that, I can't remember. I got to rewatch the abiss, that's the cameron movie I've probably least familiar with, I saw it as a kid and I haven't think I've rewatched it in a long time. Pence got fire got Pence got hired by the um someone says Pence got hired by the um heritage foundation he's also probably he's I heard he was doing a podcast uh which is probably from the heritage foundation which uh is very funny because at first you think this guy is a charisma zero why would anyone listen to that but he actually got his start after a failed political. bid in talk radio which is kind of amazing and it really does tell you how uh indiana it really is the blandest place on earth that Mike Pence was like the Rush Limbaw of Indiana. But I I but he had to go to the heritage foundation because I can't think of a less. popular politician right now in in America than Mike Pence, not necessarily like he's the most hated, like emotion like there's a lot of emotional investment by it, but clearly any of the real Trump people don't like him, they feel like he did show himself to be a pussy as Trump told said to him, and then he's still too creepy and and socially conservative like overtly socially conservative for to become a resistance hero, like I joked that he was like a... for he's more likely to be the democratic nominee for president than the republican nominee for president, and I mean obviously I think at this point democrats like him more than republicans, but they still don't really like him, he's still creepy, he's still, so I can't think of anybody with less of a political future, which is kind of amazing cuz you'd assume that you know the vice president is is is well positioned, but I think we've seen the last of him, obviously there's no way of knowing, but I think we might have seen the last of him in elected office, he's just... going to trivel into a little prune in his little heritage department sinocure, the idea of Trump at a think tank would be pretty funny, as long as they gave him a Twitter account, they might I'm wondering if they're going to give him back his Twitter account at some point because he was just such a big draw, but honestly the longer he's away, the more relevant he feels, doesn't it feel, obviously this is all subjective, but doesn't it feel just like, oh, we really did kind of conjure him into being, and like we made him the over-ruling like mind in the country, because we needed him, and then as soon as the tensions that he provoked became unsustainable, a shy of an actual. military confrontation that none of us are uh ready for, we just collectively like popped him and and sent him off like uh fucking witches of Eastwick, we'll see though, we'll see, yeah, it's like he's a tolpo we created like an acid trip and now it's like we're eating orange slices and he's just fading into the into nothing. any movies i'm excited for this year uh all the big ones i i am interest somebody asked about that the Fred Hampton movie I don't think it's going to be good or anything but I am interested in seeing it it'll be an interesting document of the time I mean I think it'll be honestly very interesting even if it's terrible you know how how we're thinking about stuff like the black panthers in the current moment when you know like... the black struggle movement has reemerged as sort of the siniquin with the left, but it's also at the same time being coopted into like a justification for neoliberalism, like those two things are happening at the same time, and that's why the argument about that is stupid because they're both happening, it depends on which end of the fucking thing you're looking, which side of the colidoscope you're looking through, uh, and apparently it's got squibs, so I will see it, uh, also, I'm a chump, king versus gods. I'm sorry, I don't care, I don't even care that's going to be on the small screen, they're fighting, it looks cool, uh, I liked, I'll I'll admit that I liked the dower uh grim dark Godzilla from 2000. uh 14 that a lot of people hate just because they don't give you a lot of godzilla and i think that is rare in blockbuster filmmaking now uh and i liked kong skull island so we'll go and of course who of course number one with a bullet although we'll see if they delay it again if movie theaters are back by the fall ghostbusters afterlife so that i can in fact gaze into the abys that is muncher. I must see the muncher with my own eyes, I must see look into the mirror myself and see that the the the joyless subject whose only uh desire is consumption, but for whom consumption is misery. Dune, I got to say, I did not like the trailer. i've gotten over villain the wave at this point and it's why's everything got to be all why can't why is there any fucking color anymore look got sound like a grandpa but like not everything where's the color i will see that though i saw but boy i did not like it i got to say i i got what it was going for i think but it didn't really hit me. Yes, uh, I've heard about the uh, the creation of New Detroit in Nevada, how there's going to be actual corporate uh, company towns, I mean, it's that's the trajectory we're on, it was going to happen at some point, and now it's just happening, I mean, that's really a lot, so much of the anxiety of the moment is that shit that we all knew. one way or another was coming and knew would be bad when it got here is happening and we have no way, we can't imagine a way to stop it or change the trajectory, of course it's freaking us out, and yeah, i mean, this is just the next step of a process that's already happening and most of our big cities, especially any of the ones that have a lot of tech money in them, i mean detroit itself literally already. This is new Detroit, downtown Detroit has been a private fiefdom of of Dan Gilbert's uh uh quick and loans I think for years now they have they run their own they run this the security they run the infrastructure. No, Dan Kilbert is Clevel, he's from Cleveland and he owns the Browns, but but he also owns the middle of downtown Detroit. I did not make that out. It's not, no, it's it's detroit. I love being incorrectly corrected, it's it's adorable. I love how Detroit is the is the center of uh of pizza chains, the hometown of Little Caesars and Dominoes, I believe like the owners of both of those have swapped off ownership of the different sports teams over the years too, and I love the fact that uh, Manahan, the guy you found a Domino's is like a Opus day psychocatholic who founded his own catholic plan community. and college in florida called Ave Maria, and you'd be, you'd think that there'd be more of awareness that Detroit has its own pizza style, especially since pizza hut, ironically, the one that's not from Detroit, has sort of as its baseline pizza, one that's most reminiscent of a detroit style pizza. I will, I don't know if I've sent this on the stream but but when i was a kid in a small like a 3000 person town in Wisconsin like an hour away from Milwakee like not not a suburb like like a little. like a a medium sized town uh pizza hut in like the 80s and 90s that was the nicest restaurant uh i went to as a kid and not because we were poor we were like you know decently middle class and income it's because that's all that was there weren't nice restaurants in in in like large parts of this country back then so the things that i associated high fine dining with like low lighting leather. at banquets uh the pebbled glass or pebbled plastic cups that kind of look like they were glass and of course the buffet those were all i all those were all from um from pizza. i think though that that i think that that type of fancy dining. is no longer, i mean i think that kind of decor is not no longer what people think of when they think of like nice restaurant, i think now uh, now it's lighter, it's like brighter, that was like kind of a mid-century thing, like you watch a mad man, everybody is you know smoking cigarettes and shit. the other nice kind of nice place we had just because it was dark was we had a the closest thing to a restaurant we had was a place called Frier Tucks and I think there were like maybe one or two other locations in the area but it it might have been the only one and it was it looked outside it it looked like a fake little medieval uh building and it had very narrow sort of arrow slit windows and the waitresses all wore very very... uh monk frocks with like a cord belts, and they made real and they sold burgers and stuff, people are talking about stop getting kicked off letter box, i have to say i i got on letter box a while ago, i enjoyed it, i'm still on there, i i basically if i remember to, if i remember to put one in, i will post one, i'm not. like tracking obsessively every movie I put in there anymore, but uh, it's been fascinating watching that place be get the neurosis of social media sites as people have like as essentially people are moving like locus from one social media site to another and generating this cloud of neurotic energy about culture and politics mostly in order to get frision from their interaction with the internet and then a while... it after a while it kind of like peters out and they lose the ability to to get that hit and so they have to move on, they're like the fucking aliens and independence day uh or otherwise known as like the human race and now they're on letterbox and so now letterbox is the new tumblr slash twitter where everybody can just oh now we can all uh have struggle sessions every day about these specific films no matter how old they are and uh the way people respond to them. fun, good stuff, definite sign of a healthy culture, oh god, jimmy's grato and walkershaw, the home of the ponzata, which is like a gut bomb uh kell zone, i only went there a few times, it's too heavy, but yeah, the fact that stob got fucking banned for doing some joke, for objectifying people, film is objectification by definition and it, I do disagree though, a lot of people are saying like that these puritans who are going on there to conduct which trials about problematic content and problematic ways to view films, they say, don't they get the film is for perverts, that film is about you know desire and and all that, no, I think at some point they get it, it's just that's what turns them on, what turns them on as much as you know uh uh like Brian de Palma is turned on by voyeristic uh uh the the voyeristic male gays and as much as film is about the the male gays for these people who who are on there now getting his getting very upset about that and and uh and essentially creating like lists of of prescribed entertainments that's for them their perverted pleasure that's their uh libidden so essentially there have like film ism, and then there's this met voyerism where you're not necessarily even looking at the movie, you're looking at the movie and watch the movie and that's where you get off on judging them, so it's all, it's still perverse, it's not like these people aren't perverse, they're just as perverted as the real perbs, it's just that now they're in there too, and just and that the problem though is that when that becomes the dynamic uh, it it has to escalate the conflict until the the underlying uh terrain is destroyed. people got mad of me for for not liking knives out, i don't get that, i mean it's really not the politics, i just said that there's a weird thing people do where they say like you guys talk too much about movies, you only look at them through a political lens, well i don't, but when i talk about it on my show, i'm probably going to talk about the politics, why else would i be talking about a movie, if i wasn't going to put it through a political lens, that's the whole, that's the frame of reference for why we talk about everything, that doesn't mean that's the only way to enjoy a movie, the only thing about a movie to enjoy, it's one element that you pull out and talk about, it's not the only, i mean one of the problems we have is so many people think that politics is the only lens to look through things and also that the if you say one thing about a movie, if you express opinion online, it is a consecrated uh totality of your beliefs about it, but I was put off by the politics of of uh knives out, but even if you cut out the the altright kid thing, there's there's nothing there that I enjoyed at all, and so then, but if we're talking on our politics podcast about why it's bad, I'll bring that up, but there's plenty. other things about it that i did not like, oh christopher plumber died rip to a real one. i i actually people say what about culvers? there wasn't a culvers in mana do walk right when i was growing up there, i didn't have culvers until i moved to the Milwaaki area, there might be one there now, but there was not when i was. uh what else did i like about knives out? the structure of it, i mean i like those, i i well for one thing i don't really like those kind of movies, i'm not a big fan of the Agotha christi context, the the the the the concept, like the Agatha christi who done it thing, it's fine, but it's not something i seek out, so that it's already not going to grab me on that respect, and then the way they did it also... uh, clever, I guess, but not engaging. What I talked review brought about, it is interesting though, seeing regional, you can really trace uh, the the pattern of um of retirement migration, like internal retirement migration of American populations. by the way that regional chains uh move around, like there's a culvers in, i believe there's culvers in florida and there's culvers in Arizona now because that's where wisconsines move when they get old and they want their food, they want their familiar food stuffs, do people i can't believe it either, but people do actually no, Yes, people refire to Arizona, and if I was going to do that, if I was one of those people, I would absolutely pick Arizona over Florida, to me that is not a contest, I mean, yes, the ocean is nice, but if I move into the water, I would move to the Pacific, and also the fucking humidity and the giant bugs and everything, the desert is is is a transcendent place or can be, and uh, so I can see i can see the the appeal of Arizona. but neither of them are like places I would want to move, I mean people move there because you get to live. the life of a ratiere, which is like this frictionless convenience festival, and that's terrible for your brain, it libotomizes your spiritual sense. I didn't see Jataraski's doom buse i don't i've never been a done guy it's not really my deal uh and i i saw the linch dune a couple years ago and it was uh not good i mean ii i don't think it was good at least but it was visually interesting which is more to say than you can say for the... one at least from what i saw in the trailers uh and i've seen some jotaraski movies but i bet that would have suck too, i i bet that it actually made that movie, it would not have been good. Squibs are not the only thing I care about in movies, but the lack of them is just something that that saddens me because you're seeing as I've talked about just the hyper, the hyper uh elimination of of meaningful. artistic elements within films, like there are fewer and fewer places where people can make decisions in the interest of quality, they can only make it in the interest of the budget, someone was saying that squibs aren't just like the death of squibs isn't just about money, it's about safety, but if those two things were in conflict, what do you think would win? i mean it's only coincidentally. safer and that still doesn't mean that you should get rid of them completely. i think uh Chris pointed this out: uh, you don't have to make every fucking, if you're making a movie with a bunch of shooting, you don't have to have everything be a squib, you can have plenty of things where you guys just fall over with no blood whatsoever, but when you do show some blood, show some real fucking blood, instead of, okay, everybody's going to have a bullet hit, but it's going to be CGI. like that's a perfect that's a perfect example uh chris said like commando in the end of commando when he shoots everybody on that island most of them do not have squibs they just fall over but a few shots you get an in-cut you got a infraint you got to cut to a close-up and then there's some squids in a modern version if they did commando again every single person shot would get a big CGI blood splatter that's worse that's worse. I saw wakiken Fright, I just saw it a few months ago, it's a great, it's a hor, it's called a horror movie, and the horror princess. the horror uh question that is asked cuz you know all horror movies are premised on what if what if this really happened and and how terrifying that nightmare would be like what if freddy the the might marinell street movies what if you could be killed in your dreams you know tech exchange so massacker what if you uh picked up a hitch hiker who uh was part of a family of cannibals wake and fright the question is what if you were forced to hang out with australian. people for an entire day, and that is a terrifying thought, I am looking, I got to say, I still want to see tenant, even though I'm sure it's bad, I want to check it out. uh, I, I think the interesting thing about Nolen is that Nolen is, it's very, he is really the the director for our time, because he is a figure where he is as, he is like, he is someone without a soul, like his films are fully soulless and what he replaces soul with is uh, self manufactured puzzles, like just what i i have no interest in people as such, but i do have interest in in challenging myself to get out of narrative and conceptual boxes, and that very much is like that's what film is, that's what the internet is now, it is we've sort of cast off any, we've cast off our bodies and we've decided that like while we wait for oblivion, while we wait for individual death and for the death of our... species we're going to basically do mental crossword puzzles and that's what that's what Nolen movies are, that's what all of the arguments people decide to invest with emotion and meaning on on online are, yeah because like yeah like complexity instead of depth. You know neither cadzilla nor king kong will win, as I said in the other stream, they never never never have one definitively win. I do like though that when they originally did King Kong versus Godzilla, there was the American version King Kong one and the Japanese version Godzilla one, they should do that again, that'd be funny, although honestly they would switch it now, at least in America, like they would want Godzilla to win because like King Kong winning would be too uh like imperialist or something. It's a myth, oh never mind, I never saw it, I'm not a big, I'm not a huge godzilla guy, it's going to have a definitive winner, interesting, well if it's not King Kong then it's bullshit, I'm sorry, if it's not King Kong, I'm sorry, if it's not Godzilla, it's bullshit, oh the godzilla king of the monsters, the one they did a few years ago is not good at all, um, no, Godzilla, come on, Godzilla beats King Kong, I don't care if you make King Kong bigger so that they can fight. don't even terms, king kong gets his ass kicked. uh somebody asked about a relatively obscure movie from a few years ago, standoff it's sparrow creek, that is a movie that a lot of people should watch, people who are like freaking out about uh q and on and the proud boys, they should really watch that movie because it really does spell out how this actually works, how much of how much of what we think are these uh like insurgent uh reactionary militia movements are in fact being? directed to some degree from the leadership positions by law enforcement, I mean we just had that confirmed with the the proud boy leader who was arrested the day before uh the the capital uh breach with the just enough just just the right amount of uh like I think uh weapons uh like magazines uh rifle magazines to get arrested so that he couldn't go. but all of his supporters went, I mean if they're all, if they're all informants, I think people really need to ask themselves, well what are we actually getting out of all of this drama and like, are we really, are we really fighting evil or are we uh playing our part, our necessary part in a public conflict that only serves to reinforce state power at every at every point. the real right-wing threat is esoteric fash and ecofash, i i don't i got to tell you i don't think that's true, i don't think fash is a threat to anything, i think all of these things are components of one big post-fascist regime that is, it is empire and its death throws, it it it, it's violence comes home to police those within its borders who can no longer be bought off, but that's not a political, it's not a political contest, it is all of politics, it's not, the stakes aren't real. because there is no alternative, within the structure, within the points of conflict, the uh the emergence of of an alternative is going to be, I hate to say it, orthogonal to everything else, there will be a reconstruction board game, okay, that sounds interesting, wow, we really are just waiting around. in the fucking uh, we are in hell's waiting room aren't we, just like, no alternative, nothing, nothing can be better, so we're going to imagine ways that things could be better in the future and the way things could have been better in the past to make the future not what it's going to be, and i'm part of that, i'm not blaming anybody for that, but i think that you have to understand the current political moment and culture in those context, and doing so i think robs a lot of the drama out of it and robs a lot of the urgency out of things that really aren't that important, because politics is dead, but it will not stay dead, because the things that have killed it, the things that have narconized us to politics, the things that have made it so that we can't be effective political actors, are going away, are changing, the condition. that paralyze us are shifting very quick and that is going to give us new avenues for for political action that can't be predicted or extrapolated out from the present and that's i think that's the thing like that's the thing to remember when you feel overwhelmed by this stuff. but I would like to play the reconstruction board game certainly, I uh, I'm someone is asking setiva or indica, I'm not, I'm off weed right now, it's like I'm trying to recalibrate and and just start from scratch like knowing where my body is, knowing what's real and it and what's been exacerbated by. by chemicals and i have used sativa because it gets me like on point, but i don't think i need that anymore. uh, i'd be interested in the future to maybe try something uh that like puts you in your body as opposed to makes you throw fall fly out of it. meditation's going good, i've been meditating all week 20 minutes or so. day after having been off it for a while, it feels good, i'm going to try to keep doing that. okay, this is good, the Aoc thing. i don't like talking about Aoc because she is a, she's a voodoo doll, like she, she is, she exists to to uh, to pour your frustrations and anxiety into one way or the other. uh, but the whole thing, the whole trauma narrative that she's going with, i don't the... argument on like whether you whether it's real or not, absolutely baffling that these are conversations people are having, but I'd have to say that she's essentially acting like an influencer, like that's the way to understand all the stuff, like her talking about her trauma and now they're going to have like everyone talking about their trauma, she might think that this is like a political play that's going to help her side versus the republicans, but that's only. only here, that's only at the top of her reasoning, the real reason she's doing this is because she's she is a millennial and that's what you do, she's a celebrity, she is an influence, what is a member of congress even a member? of the squad, which is a tiny fraction of a fully neoliberal democratic party caucus, what can you really do, especially since there's no popular movement that you can direct or coordinate with to put pressure anywhere, you you stream yourself, you stream yourself, what am i doing, i'm streaming myself, she's streaming herself, you post, she's a poster, she's an influencer, that's what we all are, people get mad at her for it, and that's beside the point. people want to defend it and say that it's like a politically effective, that is also not true, it is what you do instead of politics because politics is dead. I mean, I, I'm not a fan of of this idea that that everything it, that all trauma needs to be fetishized, uh, and wep and use, and and and that, because it rests on this assumption that that other people are going to respond to your narrative the way you want them to, and that's just not true, which is why it ends up just... being self-indulgence and and self-promotion, but again, that's all it can be, getting mad at any politician at this point is like getting mad at the weather, i don't want to talk about like guys, i don't, i'm done talking about, boring topic. I never went to Kings Island when I lived in Cincinnati, never been a huge theme park guy because the lines never were never good, hated that, hated going hated waiting a line. somebody says thoughts on the rise of incest. porn, i was thinking the other day that cuuse i i just rewatched under the silver lake, which is i think a really great an underrated movie that is extremely relevant to the current moment in a way that is actually interesting and provocative as opposed to just being lazyly uh, you know, like it's you watch a movie like that and then you watch movies that are like clearly going off of you know twitter topics and and and trending uh uh talking. points and and uh and our clear and are like written by and for people who are online all day uh it's it's it's night and day like that there's no pandering in that movie but it very much speaks to the moment in a deeper like uh like basil level uh and i was just thinking about how the whole story of that movie is about a downloadly mobile middle class white guy who literally cannot get a girl. I mean not just because he's a psycho, I mean he is a psychopath and that's the whole part of it, like it's about misogeny in many in many ways, but he can't get a girl because the girls are all with rich guys, because everyone's just trying to survive, and uh, none of no, no, none of the women his age, uh, the guys don't have any money, and incesst porn is sort of the same thing, like the girls your age are with your dad, so you have to have sex with your stepmom. also for incells specifically who make up a big portion of pornography's uh base users uh the another lure of uh step step pornography is that porn per porn fantasies are they have to be to some degree plausible or attainable to really tantalize and so if you're talking about people really don't go outside the home at all, even even like the fantasy of workplace sex is a bridge too far, so the only person you could realistically fantasize about is someone you You can fuck without leaving your house. so many uh, i think to wrap it up. the last thing, someone had a long thing in chat just now, saying that we're a schizophrenic society because of the divide between our digital and uh real selves, and I think that's true, but I think it it even goes deeper than that, because that is only a proxy for the greater, the deeper divide in the modern self, uh, between the um, between the chronologically grounded self, I e the body. in space and the uh mental mind self that is that is unbounded by space or time and the internet is is more than anything a tool to allow us to spend time in our bodies that is not processed chronologically and therefore cannot accew meaning because meaning must adhere to experience and there is no experience to online, like it is a pseudo experience, like you get mad and you get angry and you get horny and you get uh scared, but it's essentially your brain tricking you into feeling those feelings that is, and so where you what you uh assign the cause of those feelings is also made up by your brain, which is harder to do when the source of your emotional responses is a material interaction that occurs in a chronological space time. i was pretty old when i really got into the internet and i think that's one of the reasons that uh one of the reasons that it wore off for me is because the the it was never as satisfying I think as it is for younger people because uh the contrast between a life that I had had or I was I imagine I could have had instead of it was greater whereas I think for younger people the internet is taken for granted but that doesn't mean that a crackup is not inevable I think that we're in the process of a full social um uh breakdown, but not that doesn't necessarily mean the apocalypse or the end of anything, it means people are getting to their end of their particular ropes, the the coping mechanisms we've met we've created, they have a fews, they don't last forever, there's only so much dopamine you can get from a pseudo existence, and it's different for people, like some people it's longer than others, but everybody gets to a point and uh I think we're all getting there and I think one of the big reasons that we've had this big uh explosion in political hysteria in the last year is because of fucking COVID and it's weird how we've normalized COVID so much that we forget that there's no way that I anyway can imagine things like Q and on occurring the fucking capital breach occurring without a context where our coping mechanisms have been radically reduced the things we have had historically in this country to allow us vent, to allow us to compensate for the lack within our lives, are are sucked in, and if that persists, it's only going to get weirder, I think we're in for weird, weird, weird times, uh, but weird times are when when new things emerge by definition, and that's something that it's obvious. scary, but to me it's less scary than the narrative that a lot of people have internalized of total social uh fixedness. of of the idea that these categories are un uh, unchallengeable, and people have said that I say that, but I just mean that that looking through the current structures, that is the conclusion to draw, but that's doesn't mean it's the correct conclusion. last movie, somebody says joker was the last movie they saw in theaters, last movie i saw in theater was uncut gems, which we talked about a little bit on the last episode about trump movies, but i'd like to just end here talking about how uh, you could i couldn't really picked the more. perfect film because that movie is about the uh the death drive of American society, I mean I know it's specifically about you know judaism and stuff and like Jewish experience, but as a is part of a broader uh, a broader analysis of uh of a people, Americans who... believe themselves to be eternal beings, but who have physical bodies and who can't reconcile those two things other than by subconsciously seeking death on their preferred terms, like the beginning of the movie, he's getting the rectal exam, and it's actually kind of up in the air, and I actually thought he was going to get a call halfway through that he had cancer, and then he gets the the the call. oh i don't have cancer yet, oh he doesn't have it now, that doesn't mean in five years he's not going to head it, that doesn't mean inten he's not going to get it, and he even talks about his family history, he's probably going to get it, does he want that, does he want to wait around to fucking get chemo and and get sick, the thing that everybody watches their family members go through with horror, or do you die on your own terms going up on top and that is why that movie has a happy ending, he got what he wanted, but in real life you can't do that, and one of the reasons we're cracking up is that it's a society of how ratners trying to dictate their end, but you can't know, you can't do it, because you set it up and it doesn't come because you're not, you're not, you don't want to die in your conscious mind, and then it doesn't happen, and then you have to keep doing it, you keep doing the same thing, and it just it drives you into into into uh madness, and it's driving us all into madness, and like, it's especially funny seeing that movie right at the moment where like Bernie looked like he might. win, you know, before COVID happened, it's like, oh, if you could pick a moment, wouldn't that have been the moment, but you don't get to pick the moment, you don't get to be Howe Ratner, he is, he is a classic uh, hero in the sense that he he fucking he saw the moment, even though he didn't know he was seeking it, and he he he got his end, he got an end on his own terms, all right? uh, that's good, i felt nice, this is fun, i like this, it's uh, the stakes are lower, i can uh talk things out without feeling like i have nowhere else to put things, uh, but so next Wednesday and i'll tweet this after i'm done, uh, we will talk about the first chapter of Eric Foneer's reconstruction, as i said, if you don't read it, that's fine, we'll talk about it enough that you'll get the gist, and if it sounds interesting, pick it up, bye-bye.