 change your mind about leaving, leaving me behind, well bring it to me, bring your sweet love, bring it on home to me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, i know i left when you left. now only only hurt myself, bring it to me, and your sweet love and bring it on home to me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, I'll always be a slave, till I'm buried, but buried in my grave, oh bring it to me, bring your sweet love, bring it on home to me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey folks, back from the first leg of the tour, was a big great success, a lot of fun, thank you Charlotte, thank you. Atlanta, thank you, Nashville, honestly uh, really own, made us feel like we all owned ourselves by not going to the south sooner, it was uh, it was great, uh, and on Saturday be going to Texas for the second leg, looking forward to that as well, uh, but that gives me a chance right now to sneak in one chicky. little chapter, short little chapter of dawn of everything before going back on tour, and then we come back, hopefully we can have at least a couple weeks where we can keep going through. yeah, that's why i got a haircut so i could go on tour, i wanted to look respectable. yeah, we're going to be in Austin for south by southwest, this is very funny, uh, never thought that. that was anything i would ever go to or be involved with uh but there's also a bar show we're doing the next day as well we're going to make sure to keep it weird not going to let anything unweard happen uh i've been depututized by Greg Abbot to neutralize with extreme prejudice anyone who's not weird in austin okay so i don't how long actually talk about this chapter today cuz it's pretty short uh and i was thinking about maybe like you know adding the second one another one with it but the next chapter is actually relatively long uh and also you know there's no we've established a pattern here so uh i think next week when the which is a chapter or the next uh when we get back from tour again uh the next chapter is about early urban uh life. in the first cities in the in the world uh which were dominated according to Grab Grow not by settled agriculture but by uh by this mixed economy of foraging and uh agriculture and that's going to be interesting but to set that up chapter six here which is called ecology of freedom how farming first hopped stumbled and bloffed its way around the world. The purpose of this chapter is to set up uh the conditions for the emergence of agricultures as a dominant uh ecological or economic paradigm uh and they start off by pointing out that there are traditions of farming systems that redistribute land, hold land in common and involve a like politically enforced egalitarianism that have persisted throughout the world uh up to the present day or up to the the modern era anyway, i mean they got wiped out by capitalism like everything else, but but this the thing that this suggests to grabgro is that there is nothing that requires intensive agriculture to inevitably create private property regimes controlled by hierarchies, because you have examples and in places like peasant Russia and uh and Indonesia all over the place of uh of farming communities that maintain uh communal if either communal landholding or a system where land is swapped between families to prevent that accumulation uh by one family one group one clan over another and that if that can happen then according to grab grow, it means that nothing about agriculture specifically, nothing about the putting of crops in the ground and making them grow makes hierarchy happen, which is contra the traditional understanding of how so america uh human civilization emerged, so around 12,00 years ago at the very end of the once the uh the the the final ice age glaciers receated we get the uh emergence of a moment that allows for uh uh sustained human social structures supported by sustained agriculture, the hallo scene, it's called, this is a this is an arrow when we finally get a stable um a stable uh band basically of uh weather that allows for allows humans to realistically and reasonably expect that if they pursue an agricultural project that it will in even the medium term be be sustained you know stability. and as a result you have this eruption of agriculture zones all over the world uh they've actually got a cool little map here that i will show you guys look at this guy and see that, am I high holding it up high enough now? yeah, there uh, so all these spots, all these places on the map is where you see uh agricultural societies start to emerge, people, not just you know putting some crops in in a littoral area, just you know, and letting them irrigated by uh tides or something, talking about an intensive application of human energy into intensifying, intensifying uh crop production. by cereals and other and pulses and things like that, and also domesticating animals, it's a crucial thing, you can't really have one without the other. it is, it is both uh domesticating wild crops and domesticating wild animals that come together, and so in all those areas and those maps, map I showed you, there's this explosion of uh of agricultural economies, uh, and and in all of them they have different packages basically of uh of of plants and animals that get domesticated uh and the fertile crescent which is the place we have the most documentation of the place that we sort of give the most focus to when talking about uh the rise of agricultural society you had uh in the west wheat bar cattle and pigs uh and in the east barley sheep and goats uh and but you know in in uh in south America you had like in the Andies they were doing potatoes and uh and domesticating lamas uh and they're doing pigs and and yams and and Guine, you know, they're they're bringing into human control these different uh, crops and animals. So what decides then where agriculture erupts and when why? uh, and here uh, grabrow actually uh give a little bit of credit to, among others, Jared Diamond who they ridicule. earlier in the book and who has uh a lot of uh you know black marks on his record in terms of uh his interpretation of evidence I mean he wrote a book about uh collapse that has a completely radically incorrect uh interpretation of the end of the easter island culture for example uh and also uh Iceland for that matter uh or greenland rather uh but one thing that he gets uh stick from stick for I've seen people ridicule this online is his famous north south versus uh east-west axis are... document uh saying that only in Eurasia do you have this incredibly wide band of of land where plants can essentially migrate via you know weather patterns from one place to another and and people point out this ridiculous of that because Africa is way way wider it doesn't look at that way because from among other reasons the danged mercator projection but Africa is huge and it's incredibly. west, but what that ignores is that it's not just the question of whether you have an east-west access of travel, it's that there is a consistent um climate along the axis, if you have a variety, if you have like a deserts and and tropical zones uh, along an axis, they affect as barriers between transmission of these uh resources and unlike Africa or any other continent, you're the... Eurasian land mass has a band, an incredibly large east-west band that is all temperate, that's crucial, and that's why for you see this, this rapid transmission of agriculture across the eurasian step or the eurasian land mass, um, and they get into gra get into the idea that you know uh that European colonialism was a ecological colonialism, it was uh the pract the practice of taking uh eurasian derived food ways and and crops and animals and and essentially euroforming the rest of the world. and grab grow say you know that is accurate, you yeah, by the time by the time of the age of discovery, quote unquote, you have systems arrayd in such a way that yeah, you know the advance to technological societies uh of Europe are going to be able to uh dictate agriculture at the barrel of a gun, but what about they ask earlier, like at the very beginning when when when uh when people are deciding where they're going to put down their roots and what they're going to do there, why did uh agriculture uh be uh develop where it did, because it did not become universal, this is a key thing that they want to point out, like that map i showed you, it is not a map of this relentless uh uh spread, it's these specific zones within greater areas and in the rest of those areas just do not see evidence of agricultural lifestyles. um, and what grabgirl i think are mostly hypothesizing, but I think is is persuasive, at least is from a from a superficial reading, is that uh, the places that saw the emergence of agriculture are the places most marginal uh productivity, like like all of the most densely caloric environments are taken by foragers, by by these fusion hunter gatherer societies uh that create the surprisingly robust and and complicated social orders that grab grover uh listed through the earlier chapters uh and of course you know it makes sense. why what if you're in a place that's that calorically dense, why the fuck would you start farming? if you can throw throw a net out and come back with enough fish for a for a winter if you can uh cure it, why the shit would you go through the ass pain of fucking agriculture? like that's the that is once you get uh agricultural civilization up and running and you know we'll talk. the rest of this book about where grabe grow think that thinks that actually comes from, because we still haven't gotten there, um, once it's established, as I've said on this uh stream before, the... social superstructure that where we all spend our time engaging with each other ritually and uh and symbolically becomes a uh a zone of struggle to avoid having to fucking farm buse it sucks, and so of course in in the in the... places in uh specifically in coastal areas where you have a bunch of uh easily accessible uh you know tree fruits shits that you can just pull off of uh things that grow naturally and a bunch of animals that you can you can uh hunt or fish there's no incentive there's nothing to make you farm the places that saw farming emerge uh are places where there's less ready calories. where the effort of intensifying uh the agriculture is sort of necessary to sustain any kind of uh you know stable uh relationship with the environment. now one thing they don't really talk about in this chapter and which I'm kind of intrigued by is where do these groups come from? like what distinguishes the people who stay by the water to the people who? go and and try to dig into the dirt inland. I mean, are they people who break off? uh, are they people who uh, struggled for that area and were defeated? I mean, I don't know, they don't really get into that, and I'm kind of interested in in in how the land picks the people that end up uh, adapting it, like who is called to the soil, and and It's it's large, I mean as we're saying here, uh, it's necessary, right, but like, why can't you make it work in the uh with the people by the water? you know, if you really wanted to, I think you could make it work with the people on the water. Why couldn't they make it work? Why couldn't they squash the necessary beat? Why was the conflict so persistent that they're like, all right, you know what, fuck you, we're going to go sweat in a fucking sun all day to avoid having... to be near you people, but anyway, so you see around 5000 BC, the emergence of these uh, clusters of agricultural production and agricultural communities being built across the world, and there's an the most interesting uh sort of anomaly amongst these is uh, a bunch of linear pottery built makers uh in central Europe uh that emerged around 5,500 BC and created uh, earth protect, ditch protected uh uh settlements with uh like mud houses and we're growing uh cereals uh and against the idea that once agricultural once agriculture takes root it becomes an unstoppable force rather than uh you continuing to expand uh by 4,500 this uh civilization has a massive collapse which uh involved at least who knows what went into it completely, my guess is climate shifts probably had a lot to do with it, but one thing that definitely had something to do with it was violent conflict with neighbors, because in these settlements uh there are tons of bodies that have been uh brutalized, stabbed, decapitated uh, evidence of uh some sort of conflict and then uh decimation, like a like the fucking trojan war, which uh, and and interestingly one of the pieces of evidence uh, that kind of... can be put in next to this and and and at least creates a uh a narrative, even if you can't really prove it, is an interesting phenomenon of the fact that among these uh mass graves you don't see a lot of young women and that among uh remains found of coastal European hunter gatherer uh settlements you find younger women with anomomal um uh diets because one of the big breakthroughs in uh I guess what what do you call it? It's not archeology. the study of old shit uh has been the ability to uh use what the hell's the name of it i forgot the name of the pro the process but it's a process whereby you can uh determine from i think like isotopes whatever the shit uh like what's in the diet of like a uh skeleton you find it's not radiocarbondated. that's not it, it's something else, carbonating, that's for dates, this is literally for um, for like what's in the body, what has been metabolized by the body, and then like isotop, it's an isotope, there's isotopes in there somewhere, anyway, these uh, young women we find in these coastal areas don't have uh a lot of fish in their diets, they've got uh, they've got meat. got red meat, what's the deal? perhaps they get carried away, do they get fucking owned? and then all the young women got carried away, who knows? but one way or the other, this is a early agricultural development that did not lead to any kind of uh sustained growth. at the same time, around the same time this is happening, you see much more successful. uh agricultural experiments in uh the nil delta and in the lapita horizon of uh Oceania uh going up into but not going to across going basically down through Oceania uh to Populany but not not getting to Australia and also so so these are. the oceanians, the Egyptians, uh, the central Europeans, some successful, some less successfully, over time are building like real sustained uh agricultural societies where the diets depend on the surplusses produced by agriculture where they fully domesticate uh wild crops and animals, but at the same time this is happening, there is also agriculture in Amazonia. which is doing that balancing act that grab grow like to emphasize was holy within the capabilities of early humans of taking from agriculture that which is uh culturally useful really more than anything while maintaining uh the uh flexibility and and the sort of enforced totalitarianism of the for the foruraging social order uh like, for example, they didn't domesticate any animals, but they did have a ton of pets who were essentially tamed uh jungle creatures and they would travel while uh foraging with these this fucking menagery of a jum jungle creatures who were all essentially uh parts of the tribe so that's a sort of liminal liminal zone between pure hunter gathering and and the domest the process of domestication, because the goal there, the self according to grab grow, the self-conscious goal of the social order is to prevent any kind of accumulation of disharmony uh caused by the particular pathologies of a given uh form of agricultural or uh economic production and uh shifting. between the between them, so wrapping up the chapter, grab grow want to just make several uh, sort of culminating statements about this transition to agriculture before we get to the second half of the book, which I think is going to focus uh more and more on the emergence of uh all the icky regimes of hierarchy that they don't like and that you know nobody really likes uh, at least nobody who's reading the book probably, um, but which according to them, uh, we're not required to make uh transition to, they were their shift towards hierarchy was not commanded by their embrace of agriculture. so to wrap it up, they say that farming emerges as a as an active necessity uh to get more calories out of a land that doesn't have as much easy access to calories as you get in other areas uh and so as a result it's a less in the early stages like the early human uh social like during early humanity prehistoric uh humanity. looking back, we make more out of farming, we assume it was more influential and more dominant in the world among the humans to existed, because uh it has more remains, because uh settled agricultural communities uh built out of more durable materials, left more refuse, piled up more crap in one place and are therefore easier to study. and so we're able to look at early humanity and just see where farming emerged. Grab grows are arguing that, well that's happening, yes, it's happening in marginal zones, where the most people are, where where human civilization is most complex and where it's thriving, uh, are people who are still uh, hunter gatherers and foregers uh, but and who do but are not going to leave the the the trace remnants that the the agriculturalists will, and so... the centrality of agriculture to uh early human social forms in which as grab grow point out uh are egalitarian and hierarchical all at the same time uh there's there's hierarchy among foruragers there's egalitarianism among farmers there's no nothing uh determined between these relationships. but we look backward and tell a story that central centers farming because that's uh what's left the the record uh in a similar way we look at hunter gatherer societies through the lens of the present remnant of hunter gatherer social orders which we take to be uh the dominant model even though by definition these are also now uh dominating only in the most marginal environments, like it's been inverted over time, in the very beginning of humanity, hundred gatherers stayed where the resources were, stayed where the calories were, and those other people, the losers had to end up going out in the woods and finding some way to e living out of the dirt, but eventually hierarchy and and technology and uh got fused to... agriculture and it's increased ability to uh to create surplus and distribute surplus allowed it to uh completely overwhelm and and uh destroy huder gatherer society uh except where things are so remote that there's nobody interested in it and so we look through. so we have this perfectly reversed understanding of early human social civilization uh and in both cases it's a product of the limited the limitations of our evidence and our failure to take into account uh the dark matter we look back at the archeological leavings of humanity in the early era and we only see the uh we see much more of the uh leavings of a agricultural social uh order that was marginal and now we see the most marginalized uh social order uh on earth is hundred gatherer societies which are basically kept as like museum living museum exhibits or are just destroyed if somebody does decide that the land that they have is worth anything. and we see how they are organized through the lens of uh of the of their uh precarity, but precarity is not the defining characteristic of a hundred gatherer social order, it is only a uh historically associated one now with this time frame, with this... would would be different in a uh system or in a in a time when there's barely any humans on earth relative to how many are on earth now uh and way more plants and animals so to get at the so the next chapter is going to be about cities and it's big long one, so I'm excited, hopefully we can get into something uh, juicy, this was really felt like more of a throat clearing chapter, so the next chapter, chapter eight is imaginary cities, eurasia's first urbanites in Mesopotamia, the Indus Valley, Ukraine and China, and how they built cities without kings, so here's where uh Grab Grow, I think are going to also uh argue that in addition. to agriculture not determining uh a hierarchical social relationship. Urban life also does not uh imply a hierarchical relationship necessarily uh, i i think this is when we're going to start having some real sparks fly between us, so looking forward to it and i will, unfortunately though. be a couple weeks because going back on tour, very excited about that, I'm going to take the take the George HW Bush tour Texas and then go to uh Naollands where I'm hoping to be beaten to death for my Clay Higgans impression. So yeah, that's it for today. I mean, this is a short one, so uh, maybe I'll take some questions, finish it up. somebody says uh that uh it was step nomads who wiped out all these uh settled peoples which doesn't that uh validate the Kurgan thesis that they talked about in an earlier chapter which I didn't say... at the time i wish i had uh is something that uh i think it's pretty cool is that the bad guy in the highlander movie uh is called the kergan like he's like the ear warrior. I mean, I guess it makes sense, you know, if if you're out in the step, uh, I think scarcity more than anything has to do with the uh, creation of hierarchies and and of uh, like violent social orders, I think it's when you have a situation where you have people who need to live. uh and the environment keeps telling them no you can't that uh everything gets thrown out you know like when you're uh when your hot air balloon is sinking and you got to throw things off uh all of our uh social rituals that maintain social comedy that maintain the the easiest way of living the easiest way of living in one when you're not afraid of anybody that's the easiest way to live that's the best way to live that is the that's the heaven Heaven is not being afraid of anybody, and I do think that there was a strong current in human civil uh human uh development that pushed towards that and resisted encroaching hierarchies, because as soon as you create hierarchies and as soon as you have the commanders and the commanded, all of a sudden you have this this fracture, and that fracture creates anxiety, alienation, fear, resentment, what is, what are they going to do to me? and of course, you know, it's one thing if you're afraid of your enemy, if you're afraid of a of of a different tribe, different group, uh, but to be afraid, to be afraid of your your people inside the the tents, inside uh the the ditch, that is a social poison, and nobody would choose, i don't really don't think anyone would choose to bring that into a social dynamic. and this is why I disagree with Grabgrow on their idea that there was no no inherently egalitarian uh super early humanity like 100 thousand years ago? Now I think that there was um... I don't think that you could have human social order take root, I don't think you could have like tribal structures even emerge without a a commitment in their forging to egalitarianism, but necessity is the ultimate arbiter, society, all the culture stuff and all all of the civic. that make us think that we're free and that and that relieve the alienation of living in a society, living in society, like all that stuff is uh, at the end of the day a luxury, it's a luxury that is brought about by, hey, we don't have to, you know, keep running, we don't have, there's no saber tooth tiger at our heels, we can rest, so what should we do with our time of rest, everything comes out of that, and the expansiveness of our civic life depends on just how blanketed we are, how protected we are, how large the buffer is between our luxurious ritualize social interactions and necessity and that's why liberalism turns into fascism, because liberalism is a luxury, and when necessity show comes a calling. all the liberal stuff gets thrown off of the fucking bow, leaving only just the hard carapis itself, because what liberalism is is a civic, ritualized religious reversal, reverse reversal of uh our basic like ethical notions, it literally says bad is good and good is bad. but in such a way that people can live within it and be fully convinced that their idea of the good, which is, I would argue for most people a good faith engagement with notions of virtue, like I think like transcendent concepts of of of uh, you know, doing unto others, all that, because as I said, it's the ideal state, it is what we rationally want. liberalism says that's impossible, and so therefore, on top of our real, good faith, best uh, best effort ideas of doing what's right, have to go out into the world and do what's wrong, we have to do wrong to do right, because we can't live that way, there's something broken in us, whatever it is, we can't live that way. way, we can only negotiate through this marketplace, but the marketplace in in an ascendant liberalism has so many bells and whistles and gigs and gimcracks and so many channels to allow for a public ritualized redistribution of resources, a enactment of a sort of uh kabuki justice that we can believe in it, and most of us do. in it, but it requires surpluss and it requires stability in the input uh of the economy, and when fascism, or when those inputs break down, there's nothing left but the machinery of exploitation, and uh, the filter that turns bad to good is removed, and so the only people who will wield power, who will choose to seek power, are those who are self-consciously bad. have have fused their idea uh of virtue to the machine and however whatever uh costume that has, it's it's the nial, it's the final nialistic destruction of humanity, like the the the the sufferers, they will be destroyed physically, people at the bottom half of the dispersal when crisis hits cap. hits liberal capitalism, the bottom half and the scape goats, those two groups, like it's the yin and you got the bottom half and then you got the scape goats, so the bottom half of the of like in terms of income. uh and resources, plus those in the top half who can be chosen as scapegoats, they will be physically destroyed, and then the winners will be spiritually destroyed, because carrying out that process, carrying out that elimination will... squeeze the humanity out of them like fucking toothpaste, which is why fascism is a death drive, because it's not, it cannot uh lead to a stabilized identity, because you cannot live as a society, as a social organ with like all types of human beings, with the human instinct towards uh uh connection, the hum just like the feeling you get looking into another human being eye, like the stuff that builds your consciousness and forms your understanding of the world around you, you cannot have a whole social body that fascism imagines, all able to deny or warp that uh conception around like the total war that fascism requires. It's not stable, it will destroy itself, and so it must be destroyed externally, so it's just going to run, it has to run into a wall, but here's the thing about this, what I'm describing here, a lot of people are like, ah, yes, this is uh, this is what Trump is uh, threatening, this is the global fascist wave that we're talking about, and yes it is, but it's also liberalism, I mean it's also the last uh, gasp of liberalism because "there is a liberal fascist vision with its own scapegoats and it's own mechanisms for destruction of the of the other that can be embraced, like so and and the only difference will be the targets, who ends up at the bottom and who is the scape goat on the top, and That's because there's no class-based political formation to challenge that at the end of the day uh nervous breakdown within the psychy of the global middle class, which is what politics is. like there is a there is a liberal technocracy that is going to leave to uh machines and the uh the technology of law the job of uh wiping out the undesirables basically. like as you can see with the democrats and republicans switching power and nothing changing about the the the situation with border no matter how much people yell about it. it's just a question of do you want those border areas to be theatrically and violently imposed like uh helicopter gunships straping refugees, drone bombings that... go on a live leak or do you just want to put up the fucking fence and and let the machines handle it and ignore it, it's a question of where are you going to put your energy into as a spectator rooting for this, one or the other of it? somebody said that the technology talk scares them more than climate change, i don't think you can extra extricate those two things, because climate change would not be so terrifying if we had any faith that we could intervene collectively, and the reason we can't is not because of uh fell human nature, it's because of technology, it's because we have alienated too much of the job of governing ourselves to technology. which is organized around a central algorithm of profit extraction, which is the only real thing in the system, that's the real god. profit extraction is the... the split atom of like god's consciousness, like it is, it is the motive force, it's the engine, it's the first mover of a global technological uh governing system that has no human inputs, we have the technology to just as we have the technology to cause the climate to almost to fucking go into overdrive, we have the technology formally to reverse. but people say that all the time and it's true, but it ignores the fact that part of the part of the implication of having that much technology is that you have given up the same amount of governance over that technology for it to be that powerful. there are two elements. there is the there is technological capacity and then there is human human agency within it, and as one rises, the other declines, as technology gets more uh more developed, human im impact on it becomes less so, and that is why the hope we have for human flourishing is that the machine breaks down. there was once hope, the marxist vision was that the machines controls could be grased, and there was a mighty effort to grasp them that consumed the 20th century, but it was a lost cause, skynet has won, but that's not doompilled nialism because the conditions of their victory are the terminal destabilization. of the system that their technology depends on, they're selling their own the rope to fucking hang themselves, and and what what what that breakdown means is up for us to determine? I don't think this is a process that like we need to await, it's clearly a process that is happening now, the only question is how long can it continue, in the in the face of no resistance, that's the thing is that right now we are not a factor as humanity in the conditions of this collapse, which means it might take a while, might take a goddamn long time, like I do have a real vision. of of a future where everything is as it is except worse and uh and uh infuwer geographic areas, the creation of a global archipelago of uh of of like a supply chain archipelago, i mean you could argue that. that's already what we have, there are big chunks of the world that are outside of of that uh that eye and that's only going to get bigger uh and then within it's only getting it more hysterical and shrill and the need to find scape goats within the wire is going to become more uh intense and that could go on until humanity just winks out but at every point along that continuum which we're on a process is ongoing we all have to live and in in living we can make decisions we can our very ignorance is what gives us free will, we very well, i i think we are in a billboard universe where all of our actions are fully determined, but we can't know by what, and it's in our ignorance that we actually can assert independence, and that's faith, not faith in God as a as a social symbol, but faith in the existence of the human, like the idea that you're a human and that others, the other people you see are humans, and that doesn't require any kind of ' like sappiness or or like lobotomizing yourself, oh believing in humans, look at humans, they're epic fail, absolutely humans are epic fail, but what about? you, you have an idea of what's good, you have an idea of how things could and should be, they are, they have certain values attached to them that you can uh, like put your mind around and carry with you, don't you have to assume that everybody else is too, so it doesn't require any any grand leap, it just requires assuming really believing that you're real. because the process of of uh like the idea of the we the the the winnowing of the human spirit that that technology has accelerated us through over time uh is a process of dis of disenchantment, we go from from experiencing ourselves and the world around us as equivalently real. "the world is as real as we are, and we and it's like that isn't something that we have to interrogate or or or or run through some sort of logical calculus, it is the it is the evidence of our eyes, it is our empirical reality, our empirical reality is that we are together, because there are no abstract concepts to crowd out the space of pure like uh connection, and then over time" as surplus accumulates, we begin to become disenchanted with the rest of the world around us, but that understanding of the world doesn't go away, that that degree of uh like motor response to the world around us that we could only feel if we really felt that what was real was, what was around us was happening, that we are real, it just gets internalized, go from thinking that we in the world are as real, we go for I'm more real than the world, but I am as real as the people around me, to I am more real than the people around me, because it's only when you think you're more real than someone else then you could really harm them, you could actually like dominate them because if you both as real as each other, then the distinction is illusory, and violence inflicted will only come back on you. the rational thing, if you know everything is real is to not be violent. this is the this is the idea, this is the in my mind, my basic premise for the the human, human nature is that you will act in the world. in relationship to your uh degree of faith in the world in its reality, it is sounds circular, but it's important to emphasize that we don't think the rest of the world is real, like why the hell do have we all decided in after abandoning christianity that we're going to talk about it being a the world being a simulation, even though it's the exact same theological structure, it's the same idea, it's just one where we've replaced a god that signifies unity with a uh, a technological demi urge that signifies separation. now the hope of. ism, the hope of of of the world's spirit, is that the technology that we would all start using to commit violence against each other as we started to lose belief in one another, which as I'm saying, comes out of scarcity, comes out of conditions of disequilibrium that require necessary actions that impose... a harsh hierarchy and violence that the social order doesn't normally have, it's like an antioxidant. just bagging into your your little social corpustle, eventually it's going to knock its uh DNA out of place, it's cancer, so we've gotten all the way to the point where the only thing that is real is us, but the good news is that if the only thing that's real is us, then that means that the world is as real as we are. boom, and that means every person is as real as we are, and the way we feel, the centrality, that that godliness they feel too, boom, click, it's on the table, now there's going to be a lot of incentive for people not to pick it up because a lot of them are too in resentful and in pain, uh, or because they're uh too comfortable, too addicted to the pleasures of of of of being on the right side of the machine. Yes, I am balding, that is correct, I know it's a bummer, and the dream of communism, the only dream worth having once capitalism becomes inevitable, which I don't think it had to be, but it was gonna, I think it would have emerged eventually given the conditions uh, but it's approximate. explosion is a result of proxim conditions uh the only hope is not to collapse back into uh like pre-technological civilization because the cycle will continue that's all history was is a cycle of this of these ways of life uh being built up interacting with a change so uh uh homeostasis that their intervention caused and then their collapse. A dominance hierarchy is maintained by a surplus distribution that is maintained by a calorie extraction process that involves putting in x and bringing out y from the soil and the x factor in that is the... environment, the x factor of that is the climate, and the thing about it is, thanks the butterfly effect, intensive human intervention in uh natural processes has a reflection, it it causes a response, a reaction in uh the natural uh system, homeostasis is is disrupted. and then you get the the distress call, it's it's your biome telling you, hey this doesn't work anymore, you can't do this, and the people at the top get this, they see the response, oh it's it's failing, oh the the the crops are failing, oh boy, uh, whoa, what's going wrong? well, oh, you know what it is, we're pissing god off. but the god is the god of domination, the god is the demirers, the god is satan always will be, cast to be, because it's a consecration of a of a sin, of of the original sin, of of of socially consecrating a fundamental difference between human beings, so they changed their social order. and they do what they absolutely have to at the ground level to keep the thing going, but as things get worse, their first goal will always be to maintain the structure they're in, not to actually address the problem, which means they will always misanalyze it and then misrespond to it, which means they will only hasten the collapse and then the thing falls apart, that is every uh error. human history since since we started writing things down, that is every social order. the only difference between those times in this one, like that that's that's cycle happening, and and that interact, and that reflecting our current moment is that those were uh geographically fixed locations within a greater homeostatic spear, a globe where other... life systems were happening with different relationships to their environments, with different degrees of of of stability and general push was towards that, and these could be absorbed. now we have the final totalization of capitalism over the whole globe, which is the totalization of a dominant structure carried out by technology, and we have and we've reached the critical moment when the stuff we do to maintain the structure causes a disruption to the... the natural cycle that provides the inputs for our economy and provides the calories and the surplus that all this runs on, but because there it is a dominance hierarchy that is unchallenged for power and has its hands firmly on all of the buttons, the few remaining areas of human uh autonomy that exist do so at the very top of this system, and those people are the most committed to its maintenance, and they always will be even if they individually had changes of heart, they would all be replaced. now i i think that within every single previous cycle of of of of. gemonic, imperial power rising and falling, you have the same thing, you have a social order that is an engine for surplus creation and exploitation, for the for the allowance of some to pleasure at the expense of others, and then through social ritual inscribe that evil as a good, that is human civilization, broadly defined, and within it. there is a constant civil war within its middle class, the people who are not fully committed to it through the fact that they're unexploited at the top, or fully enthrolled to it by the fact that they are dominated at the bottom, but rather exist in the middle area where their their exploitation within the system is also compensated for consciously with benefits from that system, because the superstructure to to the enslaved is clear, they all have they are naturally equipped with the they live glasses, but in the middle is where the opfiscation occurs, and so politics is this middle class frantically trying to rearrange the order to accommodate crisis without recognizing the fundamental uh driver of it, because all of the culture that they interact with is designed to obscure it, but even within that there are... attempts where the scape groups from one group, one uh one defeated middle class will uh hook up with the most active uh and and kinetic and uh and energetic members of the oppressed class and push against power to break it up, they've all are defeated. and then you get the common ruin after the defeat of the one by the other and you know it's slave up that's what it looks at like different things in different places uh looks like like slave uprisings in ancient rome the servile wars uh in the middle ages you're talking about the millenniary movements associated with uh the return of Christ and the apocalypse and the need to uh live in common that uh you saw repeatedly culminating in like uh, i would say the the the climax of that movement is the uh anabaptists of monster, and then under capitalism, it was uh the labor movement, which is that alliance with the disaffected middle and the... divist uh bottom, yeah, the peasants war is a good example of of of of what that looks like under medieval feudalism, and eventually what happened is is that the most febral of the middle class, went for the juggular, the disaffected uh... middle who joined the uh who joined with this the people of bottom were doing so out of a genuine commitment to values that transcended the personal. that understood humanity is collective, but that was an anchorer because it inhibited their uh, the refinement of their movements, the middle class could move as a unit as a class conscious movement, which it did in the mid-20th century, so when capitalism comes to shatter the the uh the grounded, particularized, territorially designated. power of earth and replace it with a global concept of of domination, a world empire for the first time, who will dominate it? that was what the 19th and 20th centuries were about, who will lay astride this machine a coalition of the disaffected middle and the active south, or a fully self-committed middle. alliance of course with the top, because the top are going to be most connected, most uh, most committed to the system, they might have outliers, but they'll just drift off and be hobbists, they have no, there's no way that they can, assert the market pressure, the market power that the organized top can, and so what emerged from that crisis? of the mid-19th century from the uh revolutions of 1848 to uh the uh the civil wars in there but also uh culminating really with the um the Paris commune you see that's battle be fought and that is the fight between the top and the middle and the middle and the bottom and when i say i'm not saying all of them i'm saying the most active of them. the most capable and the most pressed, and so that is why over that period of struggle, the winner was fascism, which cloked itself first in liberalism as a as a sheep, as a wolf wood with sheep's sheep skin, and now as uh, as the crisis deepens and his necessity. intervens and interferes with our civic rituals and disabuses of disabuses us of our faith in their reality, it turns into fascism, which is why the first place to emerge with a fascist uh drive for anniholation is in Europe after this great war. which is the signal carnage, the the the mass uh sacrifice necessary to enshrine the victory of the ruling of the middle and upper coalition, because the victory of the allies at the end of World War II is not the defeat of fascism, but the uh taming of fascism to the ends of an Atlantic liberalism that was able to wield power behind of a a veil of democracy due to its ability to access. the west, the anglosphere is able to expand by maintaining social harmony within, I mean there's still social disharmony, but by alleviating it by exploiting the labor and land of those are outside the circle of belief, of of of human. brotherhood, without outside of the social circle, Germany couldn't do that, Germany was shit out shit out of luck, they were last tit, they were last piggy to the tit during the scramble for Africa, they got scraps, which is why they fought World War One, and then when they lost it, that's why they were the ones to turned fascist. because they were the ones were economically dominated at the end of the war, they were the ones who could least their systems could least handle the pressure of mass austerity that the west could, the farther west, the winners, I should say of World War One, and the only way that they could hope to do what the anglospher done. what had previously only been done to racialized others, and that is too destabilizing to the self-conceptions of western capitalists, so they said no, and they allied with the with the with the Kamis, and I got to say, by that point, the Soviet Union under Solen, I'm sorry, it's no longer a coalition of the uh act. workers and the most disaffected and most principled middle, it is, it's the domination of a new bureaucratic middle, and they are, they operate foreign policy and they imagine themselves to be part of a democratic like socialist project, they'... believe that, but their understanding of it and definition of it is inextrickable to their place within the structure of power, and that means that when they have to fight the outside world, when pressures increase, when the environment changes, they make the wrong decisions and they get owned, and they can't create, and they can't maintain a social basis under pressure over time, because there's nothing for anybody to believe in. Everybody gets mad at Kruschev for his revisionism, but it was a recognition of reality. They had failed to transform the Soviet Union into like a revolutionary project, which meant it was just a country like other countries, and which meant it had to buy off its workers the same way that it bought them off in the west. What do you want? You want a tv, you want to, you want a fucking carbonated beverage, you want a vacation to the black sea, here. just take it and shut the fuck up, that is the carrot that you have to give in lue of a social project, so that means when the final when the first real shocks come in the 80s, the final shocks it can't handle it, it can't hold on and it collapses, cuba survives because that distinction, i think didn't really develop the same way, the the ac of this working class were uh inter uh were integrated into systems of like party control at such a deep at such a basic level that there is a way to be a working class that is exploited oppressed worker a like spiritual patriotic metaphysical connection to the state project of Cuba. That's a thing that the exploited of our countries cannot imagine. The exploited in America, the bottom tier of America, just like at the west, most other places has no allegiance to this project. They're alienated from it completely. That's not true in. Cuba, that doesn't mean there aren't working class cubans who are disaffected from the system, absolutely, but again, we're talking about the most active, however you want to find that uh, socially, intellectually, the most feberal, you know, the most the highest frequency uh, turners, there's a way to, if you're a working last person, to work towards that goal and feel like you are doing something good. which we don't have, we can only feel like we're advancing the interest of somebody else for powers that we are feel oppressed by, and that just makes us feel loathing, it makes work suck, it makes life harder, and I'm sorry, but the proof of the failure of the Soviet project is that by the 1980s, that's how the Soviet working class felt about their country. felt about their project, i don't think you can deny that, buse they would have not have let it fall otherwise, it was just this party machine, this little encapsulated bubble, this bureaucratic strata trying to keep themselves afloat while the conditions collapsed underneath them. and then finding no popular support, so they got tored apart by the outside forces of capital, and then the worst of that middle, the worst of that sector, the most the people who were benefiting but didn't believe in it, the worst people are of course the ones who seize power as soon as it ends. and of course we helped, we helped rig the 96 election, i said on the recent episode that we put Putin in, i don't mean that in the sense that we installed Putin the way that we like the way that we did like mabuutu in Zahir, and just that we created the political conditions. We dictated the terms that essentially demanded that Putin being put in power, once we destroyed the socialist project and replaced it with capitalism, the only person that was going to be able to dominate that condition, declining material conditions under capitalism where there's no national project to be committed to. The only thing, the only thing that could control that uh structure would be a crooked nationalist. That is, the only person who could take power, the only people who could take power were people who were fully committed to be to their uh, their self-interest, the truest capitalists, and this is why China is so interesting, because I, I know that China, Chinese culture is riven with contradictions and there's huge alienation amongst its uh obviously amongst its still very poor rural population and it's uh you know it's alienated working class in the cities and then it's anxious downwardly mobile middle class in the cities as well, but there is also genuine belief in the fucking Chinese project. I don't know how deep it runs, but I think it is... mass base, which the west doesn't have, just don't have it, and and uh, what's silly about the reactionary project, the fascist project, what makes it the most pathetic cope possible, is that you can imagine that kind of thing reemerging in America in the in the symbols of our extinguished uh, exhausted liberal order, like you, you guys want to take... the uh symbols of liberalism that have been exhausted by their failure over over time uh and just rearrange them and and hope that that can like re-enchant people to a system that just sees them more miserable every day, those things were forged by moments when things were going good, those symbols were infused with meaning at times of ascendancy, like all those that like the the the tradition of Christian chivalry. of the medieval era that like neoreactionaries fantasize about and that they have brace the the symbols of and the and the uh social structures of those are the fantasies that an ascendent feudalism was telling itself about itself and the thing is is that buse it was ascendant there was benefit to it there was perceived benefit to it and so it accrued to it faith and then we carried them around. the symbols as the conditions deteriorated and then they lost their power. you have to we have to create new symbols forged out of struggle, where we feel like things are getting better, but not because of the whims of the market which are only going to push down against us all, but because we took discrete actions to infuse our alienated activity with meaning. so yeah, what the the neofascists are the most uh, they're the most cap and cope people on earth, it is nothing but cap and cope from those people, they want to take the the uh, they don't like... here's the thing, there is a symbolic shape that is created by each social structure, that it's uh self-conscious like ascendent middle should imagine itself to be right, like there is a form that we're all supposed to view as aspirational, it's how we define ourselves, these are this is what an x is supposed to look like, and ruler, person in charge, person who deserves is that they hold these positive characteristics, and that might be blood, it might be merit, but all it is is is a rationallization of power. so what the fascist does is he sees the the machine coming in and he sees the eminence of like mass scale violence coming and he wants to array brace himself for it in a way that will make him able to cope with it and the best way to do that is to conceive of oneself as in alliance with the interest of the machine but there's a contradiction, the image that the machine produces, the the the cookie cutter of what a good person who deserves good things is is no longer compatible with uh decelerating material conditions. all the values that you're supposed to have, the package of liberal values you're supposed to have in the culture. that people with those values create, it's not one that can allow you to uh do the violence that is going to be done, because during the ascendancy of liberalism, you could be, you could balance that appeal up with the real material advantage of being uh a worker in the middle of the system in in America and in in western Europe and and Korea, and South Japan, wherever we were going to put enough capital to really build a robust social order, which is of course premiston extraction, we're extracting more and more from the environment in order to distribute more and more surplus to accommodate more and more exploitation. and since all the machine wants is separate the good from the bad and kill the bad and make the killing of the bad a ritualized performance of human agency that the only people are going to be able to enjoy that are going to be people who have embraced fascism as an ideology, but they're coping and and the people who actually carry it out are going to be the biggest psychos. and the ones who just root from the sidelines are going to be uh the the biggest pussies, the most the most the soft ones, the ones who aren't mad about the system exploiting them uh and and are driving to punish people and and and and struggled upward in the hierarchy, but people who uh have mostly enjoyed being middle class. so this liberal order that is predicated on liberal values is going to have to be overthrown to give an to give the last shred of active human citizens ones who are able to move towards power and effect change ones who are in physical proximity and cultural proximity to power and can exercise it, are all going to move towards it, and that means that the formal system in the wire is going to move towards total authoritarism. the only thing that could interven and destroy fascism would be a fully technologized technologized. uh uh fascism, which would then allow for us to live in a fantasy world and maintain our liberal rituals and continue battling with the threat of fascism forever, like what that's going to be, it's called neofeudalism, but that it implies a regret. uh, it was the old imperial model losing grasp, it was a re like feudalism is just a recognition of the failure to be able to effectively uh control a slave society, like that's all it is, it's like, oh, the social, these social inputs that allow us to maintain order in a slave society have evaporated, and that means we need some other way to uh, extract surplus, but that is less alienating, and that is the the contract, the bargain, the consensual agreement that underlines feudalism, but then it it came into final terminal crisis, thanks to... climate change, this is going to be basically the thesis of our 30 years war show, is that climate change comes knocking in the form of the little ice age, and it means that this uh, this fatally undermined and and decaying feudal system has to respond with something else, and and and uh re reestablish its. that conflict is the third is the uh the mass upheaval of the the general crisis of the 17th century out of which capitalism emerges in in England and in the low countries and now there is a still a bunch of debate about what caused the little lice age uh there's one interesting theory that says that so so one thing that definitely contributed to it one way or another is that not this is this is how nothing is a fully closed system when it when you talk about this stuff and there's always you know um there's always chance determining all of these otherwise overdetermined social relationships sometimes things just change because and in and in uh and in this case you had in uh early 16 1600s you had a massive decline in solar output sunspots which are explosions of solar material outward like super abundances uh basically stopped around 1618 which i don't think totally coincidentally is the first year of the 30 years war so that happened and that's nothing we had anything to do. with, but at the same time, European interaction with the new world was causing death, human death on a scale basically unprecedented, massive die off, not really even because of uh deprivations, although of course those were horrible, but because of disease, and what that led to was huge areas that had been uh, filled with CO2 producing human beings, just - overnight almost were return to nature and saw a huge efflorescence of uh of carbon sucking um plant life emerged where that those humans had previously been uh exhaling CO2 and that those things combined with a huge explosion in uh volcanic activity which might have been caused by the sun spots actually interestingly enough uh but also happen simultaneously it's this threefold cross trip that breaks up every system of mass power uh practically around the world except for places that had basically stored up rice for the winter uh and had uh been able to benefit from stability of resources long enough to like build really stable social structures like uh Japan is really kind of the only big exemption and of course colonial North America uh. so one way or another, this changes the inputs once again, all the assumptions of feudalism were based on x amount of calories, they were no longer viable, how does the social order accommodate that? it has to build a new god, it has to create a new structure of values, a new story to tell itself about why things keep getting worse for some people. because it's getting better for others and the people it's getting better for can be told a story as to why the it's getting better for them that they will believe because why wouldn't they? They have nothing else to compare it to. It's life. The only way you can be disabused of it is experience of at its bottom, or the middle experience where you feel alienated and uh assimilated to power and creates that nervous breakdown, that schizophrenia that that is - a feature of like the capitalist mind. That kind of uh, it's the breakdown of of that uh, that schizophrenia that that pushes politics and that's why it pushes it towards fascism, but I think that. the thing that's going to determine how this plays out is going to be uh at this point the i guess not uh i guess just not really guessable fluctuations like like i just it feels so wrong to say that what could happen, and that's why i really feel like if you raw if you if you stop trying to look like toward the future and accept how much of it is going to be determined by huge feedback loops, like we're looking at coronavirus just like through sand and the gears in a way that like and uh accelerated decline and centripical uh undermining of all systems, you know, it's it's like it's sugar in the gas tank of an already failing automobile. I don't think that I don't think Putin invades Ukraine if the coronavirus doesn't happen, I'll say that. and you can who could predict the coronavirus, you can say generally, oh there, we will eventually get a disease, yeah, of course, but how does that help me? so yeah, no predictions, I'm I'm trying to trying to keep to no prediction gang. so yeah, the political question then becomes a personal question, like what do you need to do in your life to maintain your sense of self, maintain your relationship to people around you, like I don't want to eat the bugs, I don't want to go in the um, cube thing. there is a like, it's muted and mangled, but there is a a a recognizable humane instinct there, what technofascism promises you is, yes, you can enjoy life in this declining empire, but you will observe the horrible, horrible despoilation and misery of a lot of people while it's happening, and because you have access to global information, you will... be inundated with it, you cannot be refused, you know about it. how can you still stay in your position relative to it? how do you not resist it? if you feel like you are trying to change something, and so much of what allows comfortable middle class. people to stay where they are, is the comforts of believing that they are uh virtuous people, and public virtue for liberalism has to be racially blind, because it it does, it it does connect you to the world which you need to have, and it has a belief in the other, which you need to have to have a politics at a global level. because there has to be a stable political community, like what fascism is the is the seeking of a stable political? community around one group dominating another, which of course could only then lead to it destroying itself, it's why it has to destroy itself, that's why it did destroy itself. Hitler didn't have to invade Russia, he invaded Russia because he was giving, he was doing fucking uh, meth every day, the entire fucking country was gacked out of its mind. but what it means to be a good person uh, the agrieved middle doesn't have those values, because the whole time that we have been building this edifice of capitalism, this alienated structure that doesn't really need human inputs to keep going, we've been building a cultural superstructure. on top of it, and in that there had to be a place for the agrieved middle, and I would say that the agrieved middle are the middle who uh, feel social alienation from the project of capitalism, because they're not part of its story, it tells itself about itself. or they're at proximity to violence, because I would say that proximity to violence, even giving out violence is a psychic toll, it is an alienation, i i i would argue that a uh a slave owner on a plantation is vastly more alienated from the condition of uh capitalism or social domination, feudalism, whatever, whatever you want to call it, then somebody who uh passes bills back and forth in a sitting room in Boston where nobody around him is enslaved, nobody around him is getting whipped, that proximity to violence is a stresser that has to be released, and it's by identifying with the violence, and so those people still... exist, they've still created a uh powerful social order that has been the engine of capitalism, it has been that thing that broke the tide of the working class, broke it in uh the uh 1870s by destroying reconstruction, broke it by uh by building the the regime of anti-immigrant fervor in the north and and uh racism in the south to split. working class, it did it after world war one, the first red scare, and then it fatally did it away with it in uh World War II, what was, what was the rise of fascism, if not the defeat of socialism in Germany, the elimination of the alternative through violent means, that set. fascism on its death drive, it had to destroy itself then and there, as soon as it eliminated the alternative, it had to destroy itself, but in the west, socialism was not destroyed, not eliminated, the liberal social conception of secular virtue through egalitarianism could still exist as a horizon, as a thing that made everything okay. a thing that made our participation in this system virtuous and that's why the slaves had slavers had to be put down, but we couldn't what the working class win. no, no, no, no, no, that's a no, no, because remember, the top is there the whole time, asserting power, independent of everybody else, the only truly self-conscious class. That's a huge, huge disadvantage, and I would say after World War II, like the death starts and then, but the thing is, we didn't see the results because we won the war, and that means we got the spoils and we got to distribute the spoils, and we got to live off of the spoils, but now the spoils are running out. After World War II ended, after the reactionary uh segment of the Democratic Party took power with the uh removal of FDR and his replacement with Harry Truman after Stalin's capitulation to the west, his acceptance of a US-led global market. where the US would get to determine things like reserve currency, and I got to say, Stalin taking that deal is a reflection of his thuggish narcissism, and not recognizing the moment for what it was, which was the fucking crucial moment, if we gave if we gave. the baton to the algorithm of of profit driving western liberalism and synthesize having synthesized in the process of synthesizing fascism and distributing it throughout the whole structure, then what the hell were you doing it for? that's why it's unfair to blame Krushchev for shifting to a consumer-based economy and liberalizing. he had to, buse this was going to be it, the moment of revolutionary project was over, we were going to be, the Soviet Union was going to be a state among states dedicated to maintaining its bureaucratic structure, and the culture around that bureaucratic structure, tell yourself stories about how you're fighting a revolution, tell yourself stories about how you're the vanguard of the global working class, but at the end of the day only caring about your dasha, the fact that you don't actually have to work in a fucking factory or in a fucking mine, fact that you get a two-week vacation to the fucking black sea, it's an eventual. a bureaucratic cou, and the same thing happened in China, but later, because China started off way farther back, it had to develop more, there was basically in many parts of China, during the early days of the of the Chinese communist rule, there was basically no mode of production, you had these ancient like uh trade structures that had existed for 2,0 years and then essentially non-existent uh formal regime for extracting anything out of it. it took them much longer to develop that uh that bureaucratic uh counterweight. the question is because they built it in conditions of surplus. they built it in conditions of uh chinese relative. advancement gave Chinese people a reason to think that the communists were doing the right thing, I think it means that in this case, the bureaucratic like hive of the CCP might very well have enough hooks to at least stave off final uh, the final capitalation to the borg and maybe buying is all they need to do, while everybody else who's being chewed up and spit out by it rallis and then and and and tries to take it down from the outside like the sea peoples, like think of us as the sea peoples, or not us, that's very smug, but anybody who realistically could... try to push this rotten edifice over from outside of it, and I don't think it's a coincidence that it's now theorized that these sea peoples, whose interaction with the late bronze age helped accelerate at the very least, it's collapse, caused by climate change that it couldn't accommodate by the way, were refugees fleeing from the site of ecological. station, the the the volcan, the volcano zones uh in the mediterranean, and that they had come together as sort of adhack communities to. to interact with the those old late brown change cities and because those cities decided to uh fight them they uh they were destroyed the the nemesis was brought to the annihilation of the thing and you know you can look at that as the apocalypse but how do we know that how things got distributed in the in the aftermath of that work better in the short term in the near term the medium term. just because we don't see the continuation of the ritualized uh the uh ritualized um like expenditure of surpluss in the form of you know temples being built and and things being built that doesn't necessarily mean that like in conditions where things were declining anyway and people are going to have to find a new relationship. to surplus, no matter what, that given that condition things were better and maybe gave left blueprints and left structures that later humans could try to uh, try to enact, but yeah, the reason that we're all so neurotic and so depressed and so anxious is because we all recognize that we're not the protagonist. really of this story, at the very least we can uh watch from the sidelines and maybe participate on the margins, the center of gravity here is people outside of the comfort zone, where even where where the distribution of pain in the social body is so disproportionately felt that uh legitimacy cannot be maintained at the political level. and what they're going to do is going to determine how humanity uh ends up, and all we can do as individuals in the west is look around us and act in accordance with our best feelings and and let that be politics and whatever that is, we can't know, and it could end up being incredibly important because of that goddamn butterfly effect, and because of our... relative proximity to power, yes, we're far from power, but others are catastrophically farther from power, and the closer you are the power, the more coordinated activity can push against the flow. okay, this is a long one. so yeah, that's why everything feels so weird, because nobody can imagine themselves in a place in the future, because we can't take for granted the conditions that we're going to be living in, and that doesn't even necessarily mean like we're going to see or own like lives change, but just... our perception of the world around us, because these things all have resonances, like they all ratchet up the frequencies and that is, that is subjectively experienced, no matter how far you are from actual pain, because you're aware of it, others are aware of it, the fact that they're aware of it influences their actions, it resonates out in sublimated ways and in in uh symbolic ways, and all we can really do is wonder like, well, will I feel like I'm being squashed, or will I feel like I am in charge of my life, because that's the only way that we can actually carry out virtuous ethical action, which we want to do, as I because it's the most rational, emotionally satisfying thing, it's the thing that makes us less afraid, this is what i'm getting back to is that is that altruism is rational, buse putting yourself, putting as many people as possible between yourself and the sensation of fear is maximally hedonically and also evolutionarily advantage. the fact that we don't think that that's true, the fact that we think there's a difference between those things that facts don't care about your feelings is down to us to reconcile the existence of a machine of exploitation and destruction that pulls us against our best interests is actually good is to create an inverted reality, a shadow world on the cave for everybody to believe in, everybody to believe it, there's no puppet masters, we're all invested with this ideology, between people at the top and the bottom is the people at the top are able to organize as a class more effectively, that's it, we're all aculturated to the same system of ethics, the same liberal notions of of of human worth and value and which include rationality, because rationality is how we're supposed to get to the right action, living rationally. in an irrational world is the job of uh culture and it's the job of politics, it's it's the filter that we run, it's the adapter, it's the dongle we use to connect these two worlds, and the dream, the horizon of socialism is that you can, you can assim the humanist vision of liberalism and then we take it another step back to a common uh project, a global project where our interests, our rational self-interest is a calculus that includes other people buse a rational self-interest is a bunch of different things. and it waits other people relative to ourselves, and so a person's rational self-interest is not determined by their relationship to other people objectively, it's their subjective relationship to the people in question. "I think I'm pretty far out into the galaxy brain right now, but I i i'm still comfortable that this is all useful information for somebody, hopefully somebody can get something out of this, I feel like it it kind of makes sense, so the dream is that you can assimilate those things to a to a social project that can effectively control the rains of power, that can control the inputs, and that means winning a war with capital over control of the technology of capital, and in the for capital will be represented in battle by essentially, it's assimulated human notes, and we're all in the middle between these things. we're being pulled in different directions and only crisis will reveal to us through the imposition of necessity, what our real values are, and i i say that people whose values are all encompassing or more encompassing than capitalisms have been, can create together, as they have in places like cuba, a alignment between the state project and a center of gravity of oppressed. people within it, they can move the ship, push towards the distribution of pain equally through the system. that is, i think the that's the goal, even if this whole thing collapses, there will still be people, and if not people, sensient fucking octopus who walk on land, and there will still be the detritus of civilization, that these people or whatever the hell or or octopus are gonna sift through. to reconstitutes uh social, it's going to keep happening as long as the world exists. I mean, the thing is Cuba's also got huge alienating factors, it's got a huge prison population, obviously nothing like ours, but relative to other Latin American countries, um, like a lot of people want to leave because it sucks there. because there's part of a global capitalist structure, they're not allowed to distribute resources because they don't have them, but there is a path. for working cubans to feel, now that not everybody feels that way, but there is a path, that path doesn't exist in America, that's why people create fantasies like queuenon, like we're in a millenniary death spiral because there is no altlet, there is no way to feel in charge of anything. and and the fact that they're fucking they were a oppressed colony, and somebody points out, that's an interesting element of China that we don't talk about enough, is that yes it's a nationalist project, but it's not a 19th century nationalist project like the ones that produced fascism, it was a 20th century nationalist project, which means it was forged in the context of anti-colonialism. so it is, and it's got in its DNA anti-colonialism, whereas 19th century nationalism was imperial, it was a, it was a struggle for resources and control by self-conscious empires, and in every case it's all forced by violence. German nationalism was teased into being, modern German nationalism was teas into being by Napoleon's invasion. All these Germans who were living in this rat trap of a holy Roman empire just got their shit pushed in by this fucking sought off frenchman, why? because the French had a national concept that they were willing to fight for, and so the Germans said, got to get one of those, the French got theirs because the ruling regime had lost the mandate of heaven by failing to distribute enough uh the pain efficiently, so was overthrown by the active bourgeois, who then of course subscribed the nation because there was no uh international working class movement yet to take the burden of that project to to reproduce it socially, all you had, you mostly had artisans and artisans are middle class subjects, they are uh, they're the they're the free peasant of the city, basically, and free peasants have a different class consciousness than worker, working class people, and that's why you couldn't get communism out of... the French revolution, you got nationalism, which then was weaponized to kick the shit out of the rest of Europe, but then created new nationalisms there, but crucially, that defeat by Germany was not felt as a colonial uh violation, it was felt as great powers duking it out in Europe as they had been forever. China went from being the cradle of civilization, the longest tenured civilization on earth. equal in majesty and exceeding in majesty anything in the west for for centuries for millennia gets in the in the blink of an eye gets invaded and dominated by outside forces and exploited economically and and and and losess any uh like national um uh legitimacy, and the necessity then is is inevitably uh, produce to create one, the century of humiliation, the first gasp of it was the typeing rebellion when it had the mantle of an imported European concept, christianity, and it almost toppled the ming and you could almost say it should have, and that that's actually a very interesting hingepoint is if uh the the ming if the king dynasty rather sorry was in fact overthrown by the type heavenly kingdom which came very close to happening uh it was European intervention that tipped it back towards the king uh it was the end of the day it was like the devil you know there were western advocates of the uh typing heavenly kingdom because they're like hey these guys are christian we should ally with them but that implied social leveling that the westen want. so the king hang on, and then of course they lose the middle class, which is when you get the nationalist uh 1905 revolution of Sunyat sen, but then you know... in those conditions uh that breaks apart almost immediately because you just don't have the structures to support this thing, war lord era, then of course the Japanese invasion, another imperial outside interference, and you have a, you have a a protein communist party here, but it's it's sheltered in these small urban enclaves on the coast in a country that is overwhelmingly peasant. and it's those same peasants, it's those same dispossessed hawka peasantry, the working class of the countryside, basically, the proletarians of the countryside, who had formed the backbone of the Tiping rebellion, under the under the banner of Christ, and and the the equality promised by Christ, the heavenly kingdom of of redistribution. is now the by the by the 20th century, that uh symbol is dead, nobody believes that here anymore, what's left is marxism, is socialism, and so that's what is picked up for the next stage of that rebellion, and this time it is successful, and it carries out the process of middle class, active middle class, not landed aristocrats, not the feudal order, the capitalized either in the west capitalist but in China bureaucratic and in Russia bureaucratic uh, the people who sit in offices and make phone calls, the important the nodes of interaction that actually have like a human variable involved, they modernize and of course they kill zillion people just like every modernization process does uh and they built and then tried to, he saw what was coming, i don't think you can deny that, sure mau wanted to keep power, but he also had a project in mind, and he saw it coming apart, and that's why he hit the fucking panic button for the cultural revolution, st up the kids and just hope that they could do something, like break down these uh bureaucratic structures, these bourgeois value systems that had never been uh broken up before, these uh hierarch. relationships that have not been breaking up, have these federal kids go in there and just go crazy, but you can't depend on students, you need people actually work for a living, and those people had been annihilated by the great leap forward, and then what emerged was this? push towards communism within capitalism failed which you could always you could just call a concession to reality and that you got to give degan credit for being the clearest eye of any of the communist leaders for seeing what was coming of course being a complete dufis, the guy who should have see the real god damn it, fuck, i might have to talk about this more on a different stream, but i kind of get the feeling like maybe there's one more hinge point after 1945 and like the consolidation of the cold war where maybe things go significantly differently is if Nixon and brejnev in the 70s had really been able to bring China into a global system and then negotiate everybody's movement towards a globalized uh corporate order, the holistic system of systems, not saying that would be good, it would be uh capitalism, or I mean that it would be socialism, but it could have met the challenges of climate. earlier and more effectively, which would basically just buy us more time. i mean, my god, the way that after nixon gets gets murked's entire approach to uh, the obvious decline of the Soviet Union was, and of the world system was to just... float by on high gas, high oil prices, buse the very thing that was telling them all that they needed to fucking change the structure of this system to redistribute things. to make this less inefficient of a structure to cut some of the fat, it was a short-tern boom to the soviet economy, and so for the people whose job it was just to stay in their office and keep their keep their their comfortable position, it was an easy call to just ride get oil prices until. reality comes knocking in the form of the collapsing Afghan uh government and then boom, the same flails of a dying empire that we're going through, it's just they're cyclical, because there's nothing to oppose and and transcend any of this. yeah, I do wonder sometime about Nixon because he really was trying to, he was trying to assert a human agency over uh, this thing that had everyone by that point recognized had uh defeated any alternatives to it, and of course it was racist and... and patriarcal and violent, of course, it's western capitalism, he's not a communist, but instead of communism being beaten and destroyed, it's able to maintain its position as like a grounded material political economy that's able to assert influence and power in the world, maybe the Soviet Union doesn't collapse, maybe climate change can be addressed, maybe we don't respond to the crisis of the 70s by cutting the throat of the working class, who knows? something to think about. all right, that's a long one, i hope it made sense, but bye guys.