 There ain't no rest for the wicket, money don't grow on trees, I got bills to pay, I got miles to feed, there ain't nothing in this world for free, I can't slow down, I can't hold back though, you know, I wish I could, but there ain't no rest for the wicked until I close my eyes for good. sign sign everywhere sign blocking at the medium making my mind do this don't do that but you hear the sign the sun says got membership card to be inside. Oh, you can't hear me, can you hear me? Can you hear me? someone said they couldn't hear me. Okay, good, and I'm not roboting right now, right, the robot sound sound is gone. because I think I fixed that somehow, I clicked on a thing and it fixed it, I haven't had that problem for a couple of episodes, I'm very happy about that. Good, good, good. Hello everyone, I know it's been a while, I've been out of town, took a break, honestly I was feeling a little gas, so it's nice to do a recharge, uh, talk a little bit about the rest of the three-body problem, although honestly, I don't know, the book did not really impress me that much, I got to say, a lot of it goes down just just... the the pros, i get it, it's not an English language book and it's been translated and it's a different context, but it's honestly some parts are slugged to get through uh and the ideas are interesting, i'll probably read all the books because they keep saying that they get crazier as they go on, so i'm going to read the rest of them uh, but the first one it really did just seem like more setup than anything, so just to recap uh when we last talked about it, they set up the situation where China since the uh culture revolution was looking for sending out signals to aliens and they actually got a response and then this lady who basically had been traumatized by the culture revolution and said fuck you earth fuck you humans uh we're going to tell these aliens to come and kill all of us uh and now there's now the current day there's a secret society of people have been in cont with this alien civilization who plan to come to earth, it's going to take them 400 years to get here and they're going to wipe us out and take over, because they live in a uh planet that is captured by a solar situation where instead of being in a stable uh relationship to one celestial body like earth, they are trapped between three stuns, three stars, and then there and as such are captured by the three body problem, which is that when you get two celestial bodies in a relationship with one another, they have very predictable uh paths, but if you add a third one, it becomes impossible to predict, there is no uh rhythm to it, it's just it's essential randomness, and so that means that this these poor aliens and this poor society have gone through hundreds and hundreds of civilizations. get getting to a points of uh of development and then just being destroyed because eventually the sun just shows up and cooks everything or pulls the pulls the planet apart and somehow though and this is really the thing that strains creduly credulity the most they are at the time that they're in contact with earth, they are an advanced civilization that has some of been able to build on all of those previous civilizations uh and is in the lookout for a new home since they are waiting eventually for that situation to degrade and then get absorbed by one of these flailing uh sons and is it benny waff and weice are doing it oh hell yes those guys well at least this will be a contained narrative right like they don't have to worry about having to go beyond what the author is written so and we know that that was the real problem because as much as that those last seasons are dog shit when they were here at hearing to the the books, i can't say that i didn't enjoy them, and the whole book basically just sets up this situation and then it ends, so I got to read the next one now, which I am, I just started it, when I finish it I'll talk about it maybe, but for now I'm not that interested, it is uh, yeah, it's a little little hard to get through the pros, I got to say, uh, so far though, like in terms of interesting ideas, the the stuff in the three body problem, a big point that seems to be made is that you cannot a assume that there will be any continuity between human experience and the experience of a different uh conscious life form that would emerge out of different scenarios uh and I got to say uh the the premise of oh aliens would just treat us like bugs it's kind of undermined by the fact that they're in direct contact with humans. because you say, oh, to to us, they would we would appear like bugs, but we don't talk to bugs, we don't write letters to bugs saying, you're bugs, like the fact that we can't communicate with animals is one of the things that makes us able to differentiate ourselves and imagine ourselves in a superior position. the whole point here is that they are in constant human conflict or contact, so i don't know, doesn't seem like you can really sustain that, but i don't know, we'll see, it's very, i got to say it's interesting that the time scales they went with went with in this, because by the end of the first book, humankind is now aware that, okay, there's this alien invasion fleet and it's coming, and it's going to be here in 450 years, that is kind of an interesting question of like how do you deal with that, but i don't know, as an American it seems weird, because like how many Americans think there's going to be anybody around for the aliens to kill in 400? 50 years, like like we don't even have enough investment in the earth as a continuing concern, regardless of where we are on the political spectrum, we we all have our different eschatological fantasies, our different ideas of why it's all going to fall apart, wokeness run amuck, for example being one of the genius theories, but there is a certain certainly a conviction that transcends partisanship that says, we are we're not. going to make it to 400 fucking years. uh, there's one cool part, spoiler alert for anyone hasn't read it, that's sort of a a ghost ship type deal where they use microfibers to just chop a a boat in half and kill everybody on it, that's pretty cool. and i can imagine that being cool in a in a uh in an adaptation of live action version, so i will keep reading it. keep people uppressed, but I haven't really found much to sink my teeth into in that first one, I have to say, but uh, mostly just want to say hello, hi, I hope people are watching, uh, I hope people are listening to hell on earth, it's finally out, I think it's going pretty well, I actually listen to it, I never was able to bring myself. listen to hell of presidents because I just I sound so stupid to myself, I listen to myself and I'm like, shut the fuck up, make a point, I get it's different if you haven't heard it, you know, but like for me, I can't handle my my uh, extemporaneous speech, but in this one I've since we wrote it, I've actually been able to to bring myself to listen to it, and I got to say, I think we did okay, I'm pretty happy with how it turned out so far. I mean it doesn't help that I have a very unpleasant voice, you know, just this incredible nasal hank, it's helped that the chris is there with his malifous, sonorous voice, oh thank you, it is wild that I became a professional broadcaster with my voice, wouldn't have made it on radio days, that's for. there, there's not enough margraves, sorry, we'll try to find some more margraves for you in the future episodes, it's just a marque, it's just a German, it's the German uh, spelling and pronunciation of the marqui, which is also a uh in French and and English nobility. march it's marcher around the border, it's like hey we got to we got to secure this area from the welsh or the poles and you secure it for us and you get the... over the area, yes, the marques, the marques of Queensborough. people are asking about video games and i got to say i just have a hard time, i have a hard time with it, can't do it, rank the states of the holy roman empire okay, that's interesting uh, well bohemia has probably got to be number one just because it's a kingdom, it's the only kingdom within the holy roman empire, so That makes it uh, I mean that's just pimpish right there, I mean Bavaria is cool of course, you got the beer drinking and whatnot, but they didn't even get an electoral title until after the 30 years, they didn't even get an electoral vote until after the war, lame, pathetic, if you can't vote for the emperor, what are you even doing? Well the Bohemians went back to being catholic because they got too cocky, it's really they have no one else to blame but themselves, they started the entire thing by throwing those dudes out the window, and it got them having even their little precious ultraquist church taken from them, getting cocky with it. George Santos would not be a prince of the Holy Roman Empire, he would be uh, a guy who borrows a bunch of money to start an army and then just like leaves with the strong box and then lets them all riot in mutuny, which happened a lot, he could definitely be a bishop, that was a great job for a complete scam artist. so somebody says and then I've thought about this actually, why is there so little media said in the early modern era? and I do think it's because it is this weird dogs breakfast, liminal space between modern concepts of of society and organization and and military conflict and the medieval feudal era, like you've got like battles in during the the 30. war for example, guys showed up with fucking suits of armor and like uh maces and stuff, and also there's a bunch of guys with guns, that's it's it's it hits the eye wrong, it's it's for an audience that is not able, it doesn't know about you know this period, it just feels like a bunch of anachronism smashing into one another, people much prefer high, if they're going to do that era, they want to do high middle ages, not. knights, all that shit, yeah, somebody, this is perfect, somebody, you either want brave heart or the patriot, you don't want both, and that's era really is both, it's got both that, it's got all that stuff at once. Yeah, like stuff that's happens during early modern is almost all uh like about uh it's Shakespeare or like Elizabeth and court drama that's about it and there you know that could realistically be any time because it's still a bunch of people in absurd outfits sitting around. Oh, somebody has asked. talking about Katherine Midici, we kind of sped over it cuz the French wars of religion, as we said on the show could be its own series uh, and it's very, very game of thrones, it's got all your gambo twist and turns that you'd want. all tons of red wedding style situations uh, but as a result, you know, you kind of have to glance over it, the suffice to say that she was the regent for her sons and they were all kids or dopes and and she was basically running the show uh until towards the end when her her son Henry uh actually did assert himself and then got uh fucking ass nated for his trouble, so maybe you should have listen to mom, the idea of a guys in night's suit of armor charging up to an infantry formation shooting a pistol and riding away, that was one of the innovations of the Dutch, it was uh, it was a technique where you would have a line of horsemen just go up ride up to the... the opposing infantry fire their pistol and run then uh ride back in like a like a uh like a hook formation the caracol that's it yeah we are going to have guests we're going to have a supplementary appendix series of interviews when we're done to kind of fill in some of the blanks like we're going to have uh uh patrick weman is gonna be on to talk finance to talk the the uh the the economic revolution uh and we have a few more, we haven't lined everybody up else yet, but uh, it'll be good, because and we are we're gonna have elenor Genega on to talk about like daily life, which we don't really get to on the show, you know, like how it was to actually live during this period, um, and then we got a few more, so I'm happy about that because even as I'm enjoying listening to it, I know... where we miss stuff, i know where like we've, but you know, if we're going to have a thing that holds together as a narrative, it's going to have to, it's going to be mostly a a project of uh kicking things out and maintaining sort of a streamlined shape, but these the interviews will give us a chance to for things that people have more questions about, address them, and then we hope to do a bonus episode at the end of the whole thing that will be a question and answer uh, we'll solicit questions for people who have specific. uh uh clarifications uh, i don't know if hell of presidents will ever be put on patreon, i do know that if you go to a certain website where you can watch videos uh and you put it in there you might find uh, it is wild how few movies there are about this period, someone's asking, there's this movie, the last valley with Michael Kane that is pretty bad if anyone's ever seen it, it's got a few moments, it's it's generally though kind of embarrassing, uh, especially Michael Kane's German accent, which is one of like two times in his entire career he tried to do anything other than sound cockney. but their stuff during the period, but not that event really, you know, it's very interesting that way, this this this convulsion that took over half the continent, never really became a uh, in America certainly, but like even, I mean, I'm wondering, are there German films, I got to assume the Germans made some movies about it, but I've never seen one, yes, pornhub, that's the website I'm referring to. Yeah, germans get slept on, I mean. It really is the crusable for much of modernity there and uh 30 years wars and it's result and it's consequences are really a big part of the reason that Germany ends up not being the place where modernity is fully baked. There is a Martin Luther movie, I've never seen it though, starring Joseph Fines as Martin Luther, it's just called Luther. I haven't, I haven't heard anything good about it, but it does exist. Wait a minute, there's a tv, oh okay, I was confused, yes, the edris show, that's not actually about Luther, hilarious, the only movie I know of that's really about that really does a good job of dealing with the... mercenary uh warfare, not of this period, but the generalized like mercenary warfare of of uh of the era going earlier, is Paul Verhoven's flesh and blood, if anyone has seen that, that's about uh, rudker hour plays the mercenary captain in the Italian wars who's like moving around his his loyalties and One of the things that made the Italian war so horribly uh wasteful is that there were plenty of opportunities for one side or another to gain something like a uh victory that were thwarted by the fact that it was not in the interest of any of these mercenary captains were known as conditeri which is italian for contractor uh to end the war uh and it was also not their interest to risk the... armies that they had put together in open battle, so they would just sort of dick around and despoil the countryside for long periods of time, and that is one of the real downfalls of the city, the Italian city state model, which otherwise did a lot to build uh economic institutions that were incredibly precocious for the period, but they also ended up having to rely on foreign military. uh contractors and mercenaries because their you know base population was all busy making fucking money and so then the big boys came down and just fought over it for 100 years and all that energy moves up the rhine. Starforts are cool, it's true, if you've ever been to uh, a place that's got them, they're pretty neat, you got that angle bastian. That's right, there is this Spanish movie called Captain Alestery uh, that's there's also is there a battle, it's about rockroyo right, which is or rother, sorry, the battle of rockroy was uh between the French and Spanish and is sort of considered the the last stand of the tercio, the Spanish Turcio formation before, it had to be uh uh fazed out. Oh, what country would I want to live in during the 30 years war? Well, the easy answer is the united provinces. Uh, because the 30 years war is happening at the exact same time as the Dutch Golden Age. They're technically fighting a war for their survival with Spain, but the uh lines of that battle are well away from uh Amsterdam for example, they spend the entire war making money. The the the Tulip Mania. that is famously considered, the first modern speculative bubble occurs during the 30 years war. that's how fucking mint things were in the united provinces, they could speculate on fucking tulips instead of have to worry about an army coming in and despoiling the countryside and making them all starve for the winner. buse that's technically a place that's involved in the war, but has very little danger of... involving any of the actual fighting. yes, the calvinism is a bummer, but even there you have. you know other stuff happening, because one of the things the calvinism does is that it creates this space between church and state by necessity, because you know the the the the congregations are jealously guarding their uh control over church discipline, which means the state ends up becoming alienated to a degree, that's why you get even at the time you got all these psycho calvinists, the Netherlands also becomes known for this hot as a place where religious nonconformity is allowed. in fact that's one of the big reasons that the pilgrims, many of whom went to the Netherlands to escape oppression by at the anglican church end up coming to the new world, not because they were being oppressed in the Netherlands, but rather that it was too fucking permissive in the Netherlands and yeah they got spinoza there, imagine chiefing loud with spinoza, do I wish if I, I could dress up. a fancy little dupander with a cool arcabus and a big feathered hat, i think that's obvious, yes, in fact i wore the feathered hat and the neck ruffle uh to the live show we did in New York uh where we recorded a supplementary bonus uh prequel episode that we will be releasing. Oh, where would I least like to live? Oh, well, obviously Germany, uh, but but not all of Germany hit got hit as bad, I'd say Bavaria would be where I would like to avoid, the the area between Bavaria and uh, uh, Bohemia, that like kind of south, south central. area no thank you, that was just getting rid back and forth over and over again, Ells also, just constant armies tromping back and forth, uh, also the uh, um, the Virginia colony would be no fun, uh, new. was actually thriving during this period and it was one of the few places where Europeans were doing better uh than average and were having like eating more than they they would have been otherwise uh but Virginia at that point was was fucking brutal they didn't really get their shit together until the second half of the century oh man there are so many people who we don't get to mention in this that i think should be shouted out, i i i'm always listening and being like, damn it, we should have talked about that person, let me think of some though, i always assume the croiton thing was just that they they left, they're like, fuck this, and they went off with some indians. uh, you look at the Dutch and they definitely being the first has definitely paid off for them, like they got to hand off their hegemony to the English, they took a bit of a haircut in the 19th century specifically, like they there was a decline in living standards, but not anything like super dramatic, uh, and then the... 20th century they got all those colonial super, yes they got occupied by the Germans, but you know uh, the world war 2, everybody had to take it on the chin in Europe at that point, but ever since they have been, they've been fucking cruising, and it seems like they're not racked as much with the misery of having lost an empire the way the English are, probably because it happened so much longer ago. but it does seem like the British who did get off relatively uh cleanly are in the process of destroying themselves out of this perverse uh sado masticchistic rage that having lost their primacy in world affairs. Yeah. like they they had another they had uh Indonesia they did all kinds of uh uh colonial crimes over there and now and also thanks to their engineering genius even though they're below sea level the... really have to worry about climate change, because if anybody's going to figure out a way to not get swallowed by the ocean, it's going to be the dutch. yeah, they've got right-wing anti-immigrant sentiment, sure, of course, everyone does now, that's that's that's unavoidable, but they're also not like self-consciously uh uh disassembling their state the way that the English are. Yeah, the Dutch fire, the Dutch farmers are are rebelling uh, to save uh their right to do farming or whatever the hell, I don't know. the Dutch did kick her ass in the in the in the world cup it's true, trying to think of somebody I missed. how they get so tall is a very good question, they are the tallest people on earth, i believe the average height, the average height, this might be wrong, look it up, because i know a lot of shit in my head that isn't true, there's a lot of stuff i know that is incorrect, i think the average dutch, i'm gna look it up before i even say it, i don't want to sound like an idiot, average dutch height, oh thank you for giving to me in centimeters, i don't know what the fuck that means, okay yes 6x1, six one, the average height of a dutch man is 6 foot one, that is insane, and I've been there and I've seen it, it's wild, as a uh, as a tall person, I get used to being the tallest person in a room, and when I'm and I see people who aren't even though I don't want to, I get just like reflective kind of like, ah, I kind of like stand up straighter, it's it's, I'm nothing I'm proud of, but it's definitely'. a real thing and i would just be like you know in a bar or something and just look at these these fucking treat just giant blonde guys, i guess yeah i guess all the short dutch people got drowned by the by the uh by the levies and the dikes and stuff yeah i guess they've been eating calcium or i guess they've been eating protein uh longer than anybody. Ooh, this is a very interesting question, what's the stupidest act? I obviously it doesn't mean when I think of that it doesn't mean like actually stupid like indicative of stupidity. I'm just saying for my I'm thinking of it as subjectively when I hear someone talking that way the more I assume they're stupid and the more uh dissonance it is when they say something that isn't stupid and somebody yelled Long Island and that might be number one it's certainly high the long island accent it's just it's very hard to imagine anyone. sounding like that and who is not a fucking moron uh, i actually think like that weird mid-atlantic uh, like baltimore pittsb - philadelphia thing with the with the small mouth, you know, i think that's cute, i don't think that's dumb, boston is not a stupid accent, it is a dickhead accent, it makes me think that you're an asshole, but again that's just media stereotypes. like people say the south and some southern accents obviously you know they talk slow and but i don't know there's something about long It's like a it's like a conscious wild ignorance, of course, not true, but it's my uh, it's my own uh, prejudice, I mean, the accent of my people i think is pretty stupid sounding, northern, northern midwest accent, I mean fargo, for example, like those people don't sound that smart. Yeah, that's this a good point, that the the the Wisconsin Minnesota accent is the opposite of the Boston accent, in that you assume the person is at least superficially nice. and I would say that like Midwest Nice is real, but it is of course not authentic because nothing is, you know, everyone's everyone's performance of self is is some degree self-conscious and and uh uh being triangulated between the people that you know and your expectations, but I do feel like midwester niceness is a weapon that is pointed inward uh at the at the... person is being nice as opposed for example to southern niceness which is a weapon pointed outward uh at the person who it's being wielded that I mean the California accent is pretty dumb I mean California speak with the the uptalk and everything is associated. in many with with all of the cliches of of vipidity and empty-headedness, all the Chicago accent, oh my god, we love that one, freaking Chicago, I'm going to have some bullish sausage, watch the bears game. Chicago really is New York if they'd gotten Polocks instead of Jews. Yeah, Alaskans do sound like the from the upper Midwest. I am, it's just something about the latitude. I don't know. Oh no, somebody asked what the best accent you can do. I am the worst judge because I think I do a few accents very well and many people tell me, insist to me that I do them very terribly, so I I give up, I, I have no, I have no faith in my own work anymore. "the Pacific Northwest is the place where there really isn't an accent because it's the last place people, white people anyway showed up, it's the last place that you have like a real concentration of people, so it is everyone's from everywhere else, and so it flattens out and it's it's concomminant with mass media, oh man, so the old time mid-atlantic accent, my one of my favorite accents of all time, it was not a native accent." was not an accent that existed anywhere, it was an accent that was taught to actors and broadcasters, it was considered a classy way to speak, if you were going to be on the radio for example, and so that accent from early movies and and and radio stuff, that is a thing that they made up, because they're like, people are going to be hearing this, and we don't want to sound like yokels, so they they thought this thing up that's kind of english, but isn't uh and became a accent that people got in the media, that no one in their day-to-day lives actually spoke. It's not really British though, is the thing, that's why it is the transatlantic accent because it's not quite British, because it does not resemble specifically any actual existing British accent. Maybe Katherine Hepper, she might have been the only native speaker of of trans-atlantic English. There's probably a few pockets of connetic where people uh, people were able to put that together. now see here, good evening Mr. and Mrs. America and all our ships at sea, well go to press. This is interesting, someone is saying that Australian news people have a fake accent, and I can believe that, because if there's any group of people that are probably collectively embarrassed of the way they talk, it's got to be Australians right? because you want to talk in accent that kind of makes you sound dumb, right here we are, good evening, loucal news, crocodile got loose, running rampage and all over the place, ar naar, the way they say no is so funny. there uh there was a comedian, i think his name is Shan Cullin that I used to watch when I was absorbing comedy central bits instead of a personality as a teenager who had a good joke where he pointed out that there's no Australian bond villain because you couldn't take him seriously. James Bond, going to kill you right now, it's going to happen, you're going to die, no one believes that. I do hope we get to tour Australia at some point and just do their dumb voices at them until they have a riot. Oh, crayon. I say crayon. Many people who I grew up around say crayon, that's like one. thing or cran rather, a lot of people say cran, i say crayon, always said crayon, always said crayon, but i'm weird, i say february, i say the r in february, the second r, wait, the first r, no, i see, this is very interesting, someone says, do you say pop? no, i say, i said soda, and this is a... weird quirk in Wisconsin, I don't if anybody else can back me up here if they're from there, but the countries next to Lake Michigan, up and down because I'm not from Milwaaki, I'm from like an hour north of Milwaaki, but I'm on the water, the country's next to Lake Michigan, I don't know about door County, but like up until like the the middle of the of the state, say soda, but as soon as you get inland like the rest of the Midwest and everyone everything like to the Pacific Ocean, they say pop. very weird, i used to think it was a catholic lutheran thing, but now i have no idea, he do did Shan Cullin do the bit about REM singing the bond song, yes and also Dillan, yeah, that was a great bit, I do have to say, I'm biased because I grew up saying soda, but pop sounds dumb to me, you sound like a child. Okay, I don't think I say bagel weird though, that's right, I say it normal, right? I don't even know how the what the Wisconsin Bagel is, because that I just, I just said bagel normal, right? Bagel, that seems to see that comes, that's not intuitive at all to me, I feel like I should, I grew up there, but I don't say Begel, I say Begel, beggle, baggle, oh god damn it, now I'm in my head, how do I say it? baggle, I'm going to get some bagles. Now I don't even know how I say it, bag. Yeah, I'm saying it weird now, I don't even know how to how those how how to say it anymore, about, now I'm saying Bagel, Bagel right? Bagel, there it is, that's how I say it, and that's normal, right? Bagel, okay, good, I knew it, I knew I said it normal, you guys got my head, I say it normal, it's a bagegle, fuck off, never calling it a baggle, that's not, that's not how I rule, we did call water fountains bubblers, apparently Wisconsin and Western Massachusetts are the only places that do that, and it's because of... a uh company that had a certain branded water founder that was found in the region, also the only places in the US that have cranberry bogs. Oh Road Island also oh yeah well that makes sense Australia's call calling them bubblers too bubble hey we're gonna get going to drink at bubble gonna go get a drink at the bubble yeah right going to go down to the get to have a drink down at the bubbler that's content right there just saying bubbler over and over again in an Australian accent. oh, it was always a cockpot, a crock pot, i don't know what the fuck a slowcooker is, it was a crockpot, you motherfuckers eating snow, eating out of slow cookers, get the fuck out of here, it's a goddamn crockpot, the weirdest one though, and i honestly don't know if this was just my hometown, but we called sloppy joes, we're called hot tamalies. Yeah, we're talking white people shit right now, this is we're we're we're real white people hours right now, clicker, it's the clicker, the remote is the clicker, also they were called tennis shoes, not sneakers. Yeah, the hot dish thing is more Minnesota, I never heard anybody talking about hot dish, I certainly heard about people cooking in a crockpot though, what did we call immigrants buddy, you don't want to know, the only minorities in my hometown growing up were uh mong refugees uh from the Vietnam war, and it's amazing, they had every single uh stereotype associated with uh uh black people or uh Latin American immigrants, one of the things that really taught me early on that it was mostly bullshit because it's like this is a coincidence all these people from all these different parts of the world all have the exact same cultural character defects cricks it's a crick not a creek. mostly chapo's mostly mid-west except for Will who's the fancy uh upper west side New York boy, but everybody else is from some midwestern state. How do I pronounce beer? That's not a weird one, it's beer. Now else you say beer. milk, who says milk? I guess I've heard some people say milk, but I don't say milk, I say milk, and yes, crayfish, not crawfish. core warsh who who the hell's that thing with the unnecessary r is very interesting, worshington, where specifically is that? because I don't even know if it really corresponds to a specific geographic area, it's like more idiosyncratic, I don't do that, I'm normal, I don't add an R. Okay, so it is just more weird to like individually do it rather than a reproduced regional accent. Texas apparently, interesting, they say warshed in Texas, and Iowa too, see, this is all over the place, I know the Pitsburg, pitsburgers say my car needs washed, which honestly just sounds like you've had a head injury, like you should go to the doctor. if you say something like that, they should give you an MRI, Pitsburg is one of the funnest accents definitely, go downtown, go see the pitsburg Stillers play downtown, the fact that they say jag off, delightful. the app the Paris of appalacia, see I can't do it, fine, whatever, fuck off, I don't know, I'm just trying, I'm just down, downtown, that's what I said, fuck off, I do feel like Jagoff should be more universally applied, that should get out of the Pittsburgto and become nationalized, is Jebrony really a Pitsburg thing, interesting, I didn't know that. somebody asked an interesting question, what if the British, what if the US had never revolted against England, and the fact is it's just that's going to happen at some point, and the thing that's going to make it happen, inevitably, it's not slavery like the 16-19 people say, it's not uh taxes and uh and te duties, the the the history books say like the elementary school like the high school history is it's the proclamation of 1763 that guarantees some sort of conflict between the colonists and England because it put the colonial interest in expansion and direct conflict with England's presiding national interest in restraining migration and restraining Westward expansion. of of colonists uh that was certainly the thing that pissed off George Washington the most whose entire career was based on land speculation and required that uh this that's frontier to continue going out if he was going to keep making that fucking money but there but for the English like it was a cost benefit analysis that told them it is too expensive for us to garrison this frontier. when especially since we're not going to be getting the majority of the the output here, like this isn't going to be coming to to England, so they had a they had a very vested interest in restraining westward expansion, and westward expansion would not be restrained, and I do think that that is one of the signal problems of the 1619 project is in order to make their case, they have this incredibly specious argument that "it was uh English pressure uh and threat to end slavery that led to the American revolution, and that is, you're literally reversing time there to try to take later, a later emancipatory push, which only makes sense in the context of the Napoleonic wars anyway, and applying it uh to an era when it has nothing to do, when it is not anybody, anything anybody's on the talking, anybody has on the table." like ending slavery for the English was part of their geostrategic great game with France, this is something that uh CLR James talks a lot about in the black Jacobns, and they were able to replace in slave labor in their colonies with uh indentured labor from India at that point, which they would not have been able to do during the American revolutionary era. but they did have a vested interest in restraining colonial immigration westward, and it would not be restrained, none of the forces, none of the burgening concentrations of capital in America, uh, would have seen that happen. Right, exactly, the US pivoted to India after they lost the colonies, like that entire thing is predicated, the entire turn against slavery is predicated on them losing the colonies in the first place. I have not read the dominion of the draca books, but I did like one time find out about them and I like through clicking on wikipedia and I did like read the lore and I was intrigued by the idea, very nirdy old history stuff where South Africa becomes like turbo Nazi Germany because it gets all of the defeated royalists from world. from the American revolution and all the confeated defeated confederates after the civil war and just becomes like this uh self-conscious white murder state that becomes super highly technologically advanced and then uh beats both the nazis and the allies in World War II, but of course what that is silly because those white states that we have. actually got we're pretty lame and uh got their asses kicked relatively easily. Is there a single good movie about John brown? Not to my knowledge, I mean there aren't that many either, the road to Santa Fe with Van Hefflin and Ronald Reagan as uh, I believe he plays custer in that movie. Uh, the Ethan Hawk One was bad, I will say it, I know some people liked it, I found it uh pretty shitty myself. Yeah, exactly, if there's a good john brown movie, it's just avatar. Isn't it weird that we all learned about Petersent in elementary school or maybe junior high? I've thought about this buse we we mentioned him a little bit on the on the on the hell on earth. Why why so do we not? all learn this buse to me this was a this was a guy who was always in every uh every single American history textbook he had a peg leg and he was the dutch colonial governor of New Amsterdam who turned over uh the the colony to the English surrendered to them basically you guys didn't hear Peterson I wonder if this is a generational stuff thing and Peter Styvenson is a guy who's just like in the curriculum up through like the middle of the 20th century and so anybody. who went to a public school specific certainly up until like 1990 got Peter styvison or or 95 or something and that now in the 21st century they've like streamlined the the the uh curriculum and they got rid of him and I understand why because it's weird that we it's very weird that he is a guy that they got to tell you about or apparently they didn't they did not tell you guys about Peterson this is blowing my mind I just I have it just to distinct memory of in my like sixth great history textbook, this painting of Peterson in a room like look looking angry while the duke of York's floatilla is is in the window behind him nobody learned about Peterson wow he was a cranky old fuck he also uh right before the British came and took New Amsterdam from him he went down to Delaware. and squatch and uh took the the Swedish colony uh I am yeah uh the Swedes had a colony delaware and they filled it with Finns because the finns Finland was like a outpost of the the nacent Swedish empire there in the politic and there were these like forest dwelling fins. uh and they were basically like pagans, like they lived for by with themselves, and so the swedes decide, hey, these guys are perfect. we'll send them to the new world to like clear the land, they're they're they're woods people, so they sends they send these finns to to new Sweden, and as almost as soon as they make contact with the local native Americans, they just join them, they're just like, oh, you guys like trees too, cool, and then they just hang out. but yeah, you can thank uh, you can thank the Swedes for why Delaware exists, you can thank the Swedes for Joe Biden and uh, high credit card uh interest rates, uh, unregulated insurance industry, taxhaven, oh, and uh, uh, Elon Musk buying Twitter, all of that you can blame on the swiets, fucking chancery court. Yes, if Delaware didn't exist, it would have to be created, it would probably be rode island, because it's like it's not the only tiny state that that uh could leverage you, its regulatory capacity as a uh uh value add in the market. It is the Switzerland of America. Now that's accurate. Delaware really has been floating on that uh first state thing for a long time got. embarrassing, you signed the constitution first, congratulations, it's funny, to the two tiny states are both notable in constitutional history, delaware, first state, signed it first, Rode Island refused to sign it uh, and it kind of had to be forced to sign it, and other states started yelling at in their print media, yelling at Rode Island for not signing the damn thing, in fact they started calling it rogues island, because they wouldn't sign the fucking constitution. and part of that is because Road Island was the most uh Simon pure federalist stronghold, the one most hostile to uh to any sort of democratic uh governance really uh and that lasted uh for a long time, in fact it got so bad that there was eventually an armed rebellion in Rode Island by a guy named John. now is uh the door war or doors rebellion, i'm sorry thomas door, like these guys they were they were trying to expand the franchise and the existing government wouldn't do it, so they rulled a fucking cannon up to the state house, yes the door ward, do r not e r the jimmy door war. they need to be embarrassed though about those new york system hot dogs i got to say i was very excited about the new york system hot dog when i heard about it just from the name then i had one and i was like this is uh is only okay Yeah, east coast has small states because of when they were founded, they were founded by small groups of colonists who could settle x amount of territory on behalf of y company with x charter, and then as capacity is built, the amount of land that gets divied up, and the amount of settlers who are coming in to take that land is. balloons, feels like Road Island should have more seafood-based uh foods like that are notable and unique, I can't, what do they have? They should have like more like they should have. type of chouter, does road island have a chowder? fried clams, you fry a clam, wow, amazing, I mean, Maryland's got the blue crabs, so they have that. No seafood, no special seafoods, what the fuck man, what the fuck, call chouter, I'm sorry, New England is too broad of a category, you should have claimed that shit, should have said road island clamchouter, most useless state, that's tough one, I when I think of like just garbage states, Indiana always comes to the top of my mind. indiana called the crossroads of America because it's a place you go through to get somewhere more interesting. Delaware, I mean the thing is, delaware is generally useful, you know, two of the most evil people on earth. Arizona's got the grand canyon, come on, have you seen the grand canyon? it really is pretty fucking amazing, somebody asked. worst regional cuisine though when I'm thinking about that, I mean the Midwest is going to be up there just because of how heavy it all it is without like the I mean like southern and midwestern food will kill you you know it's all like a lot of meat and starch but southern food I don't know there's there's more spice there's more uh flavor you know I got all the different regional barbecues and stuff soul food whereas the midwest it's like it's just like German it's transported german food uh and just casseroles and shit yeah the Pacific northwest doesn't have an accent doesn't have a cuisine for the same reason oh oklahoma oh oklahoma is one of like four states i've not been to and that should say something i've i've been i have been as johnny cash said everywhere i've at least like spent time in i think like 40 46 47 states the only states that i've not like even put a foot in are oklahoma, nebraska uh i think south carolina and vermont those are the four on the continent those freak states they don't count. I guess yeah, salmon, Pacific northwest would be salmon for now, see how much longer that lasts? I know, I feel like I want to go to vermant, we were in New Hampshire for the primary and I kind of wanted to go to vermant just while I was there, but I didn't have a chance. I mean now that I've seen tolsa king though, I feel like I want to pilgrimage to see the place where Dwight the general man Freddy and his uh troops went to war with black mcadam. Ferman is an interesting state just demographically um like it's it's poorer than New Hampshire and more left-wing, even though poor whites tend to be reactionary in their politics, it's not true in Vermont, maybe just because there's just white people there, I don't, but it's a fascinating area. What do you think about modern disability politics back? Wow, I'll end on that one. I won't say too much. I don't want to, I don't want to, I mean, anyone you listens to this understands. I'm not going to get cancelled. I just don't want to insult people, but I do think that uh, a lot of disability uh, politics. is people desperately seeking a subulturn status uh and I say that as somebody who is, I'm sorry, way more disabled than many of the people who I see make it the fulkrum of their political identity, and you know like they they pitch it as like, well I have to be the defender, you know, because of how of the of the trauma that my life has been trying to be different disabled in this country, it's like uh, not really. Not really, and you can't argue that you're part of a community, because due to the incredible variety of what it counts to be disabled, I mean my god, by certain definitions you could say everybody is fucking disabled in one way. now there, that there is no community to speak for. I sure shit don't feel like I'm part of some community. And yeah, it's like, it does feel like it's an online phenomenon more than any expression of the real experience of people, like yeah, obviously, you know, uh, capitalism is at war with anybody who is not able to... fit as a cog within it, that's true, yes, read Caliban the witch and all that uh, but as with most things, the way to fight that is to fight capitalism. and trying to uh play gacha with people for being uh discriminating discriminating against your disability of whichever one you have is, it's a recipe for the opposite of that, it's it's really just a way for you to be the center of attention and for you to have a cudgel against other people. I just remember finding out that like a a somebody who was like a a big time disability rights person had type one diabetes and I just thought that was funny. I didn't know there's new emotes. All I know is that as somebody who is is really only thinks of their disability when forced to by these people trying to turn it into identity in a way that I mean identity politics themselves of all stripes are dead end including white ones which like people say I hate identity politics and then are republicans it's like the republican party is just a giant id pull factory you fucking morons it's a question of what the ident. is, you get an option, you get a pick, uh, but I have never felt that it is uh, a fruitful way to think of myself and to relate to the world around me, I remember I was in a, I was a freshman in college and uh, I had a... cane at that point, i had gotten out of my whale chair that summer and i had like progressed from braces and uh crutches to one brace and one crutch to no braces and a cane and i got rid of the cane by the end of my first semester but during that first semester i went i had a cane and i was in a class which was down a hill and i had to walk up and down to the hill i never complained to anybody about it didn't occur to me uh and i went to a class and at the end of it the professor stopped me as i was leaving and said i want to apologize and i was like for what he says well earlier in the in his lecture he he'd made a reference to someone stumbling around and he thought that he after he said it he realized oh you know this guy with the fucking cane he might he might be triggered by that and i it had not even i mean it had not even crossed my mind as he had said it, like it had not registered to me, it had not related to me, there not been an instinctive reaction to me, and i feel like that is where we are now, everyone is, and they're not doing it on purpose, there's nothing else to do, so focused on ourselves as as the only point of meaning in the word. uh that we're compelled to uh relate everything to ourselves and that means makes all communication and interaction a fucking mind field. so yeah, you got me, you got me to go off there at the end. thank you very much. but then again maybe I'm just an uncle Tom of disabled people, maybe maybe I'm a I'm the candas owen of disabled people. All right, so I'll try to get back in the rhythm and do this next week, maybe I'll have finished uh, the dark forest by then, maybe not, but we'll talk about something, I'll figure something out. Bye-bye.