 are you dead, are you sleeping, are you dead, are you sleeping, are you dead, are you sleeping, i should hope you are dead, you are laying in your f like a fatten in a coffen, i said do you believe what you saying yeah right now we're not that off are you dead are you sleeping are you dead are you sleeping are you dead are you sleeping god i sure hope you are dead i keep putting the not putting the o in, there's the o, there it is, got it, killed it, human, animal hybrids, folks, we got to, we got to watch out about human animal hybrids, for the kids out there, there's two things that uh, there's three things that george Bush like to talk about uh during um his state of the union addresses uh and it's very funny because he would bring these things up that seemed like hugely important like uh potentially game changing visionary plans or fears and then they would just be forgotten he never even pursued them it was all the war in Iraq and then uh social security privatization a tax cut warn uh social security privatization and immigration reform and he got the first two and then the second two he ate shit on but he would go in front of congress and the American people and talk about human animal hybrids we have to guard against the the danger of potentially making human animal hybrids. i don't know if you guys are up on any of the latest human animal hybrid trends but that one really hasn't materialized. he also like to talk about hydrogen car. which we just not even close, we eventually settled on incredibly expensive, luxury coated, lithium powered electronic vehicle vehicles with insufficient battery infrastructure and now an insane subsidy system where now all they're getting a the auto companies are are stop, they're stopping producing relatively efficient electric cars. to make electric SUVs, that's where we ended up on solving that problem, well done, I don't know, I guess the hydrogen problem is it blows up right, so maybe that's why we never got the hydrogen cars, but there was a while there during the Bush years when everyone thought hydrogen cars were gonna happen, did that hit a technological barrier or did it literally just threaten to destroy the petro dollar? because if that's the answer then we know why it didn't happen. and the other thing you talked about that we've now got in a privatized form uh Mars colonies now we just have fucking carnival barkers and frauds like Musk who have no ability or intention of doing it uh using it as a utopian horizon oh right yeah they get to make more another thing the reason they're embracing EVs is because they can use a non-union workforce to build them. because they're not covered by the uh, the UAW contract, human, animal, yeah, new Gingrich was talking about moon colonies in 2012, and that is kind of the cute thing about new Gingrich, and there is like, no one is entirely evil, and certainly nobody imagines that the world that they're trying to make is a bad one, and they might be you, motivated by some basic evil alignment that they probably even aware of, but they don't know that, so like the nazis had a vision of the future, uh, it was sort of a combination of you, like tech utopianism, and then uh, like feudal uh, noble, the return of like a feudal noble class, so like nerds can stay in the city and build rocket ships and then the the chads, the jocks, the warriors could go out and uh subdue the slaves, on the on the step. because that is the question of any utopian society that is abolished uh like conflict either between states or between classes within a state. what do you do with your elite class? how do they keep themselves busy? because they like different things. there is a fundamental nerds versus jocks divide within our elite that is like cognitive and social, and it's not these are the smartest and best of anything. they are the ones who represent these values, like at one point, you know, the the uh the Jack Nerd uh alliances that took over societies were made up of the smartest and the best athletes uh, the uh Kinokian society in the Mississippi valley, we talked about this when we were reading dawn of everything, they had this like tributary state in the Mississippi delta that had ' like huge temple building, temple complexes, uh uh, residences for elites, extractive agriculture, all the stuff that you see in the early uh uh metal american the early mezoamerican cities and early uh middle eastern uh cities and China to uh and it collapsed after a couple hundred years and was never rebuilt and that really is the distinction between America and the rest of the world by the time of contact between Europe and uh uh the Americas is that that tributary society collapsed and wasn't rebuild as opposed to in Eurasia where every tributary collapse was followed by the creation of a new tributary state, but anyway thisan society was, it is speculated, I don't think we know, but it's a very good story anyway, that the the basis of this whole situation. this extractive economy which took people who had lived you know uh in bans and were able to trap live and sustain themselves at band level and and like kin level and then would come together cyclically for exchange in a in a fixed position and while they did that they would do uh rituals of rear affirmation of bonds between each others you know like this is how you get the situation where there are clans that extend throughout huge geographic areas and go between tribes, it's so that you can travel and always have some sort of local connection and those local connections are forged during these uh ritual meetings and sports is part of it, specifically this game called Chucky, which is involved uh taking uh javelins basically and trying to spear them through uh the ring of the hole in a spinning like stone wheel, like you're trying to... fucking throw a javelin through this hole uh and the kohokian society gets fixed there and becomes extractive uh due to the accumulation of debts revolving around gambling on chucky games, and who are the who's benefiting from that early arrangement? the best athletes, the best chucky player? and the people who uh bet on it correctly, who engaged at the game structure uh most advantageously, and of course like this is what right-wingers, reaccionaries think they're harketing forward is a sort of like purity, but what they don't realize is once you get to capitalism, the line between uh like actual uh like what a person does with their time related to you know the... system that they are part of has become so drastically uh abstracted like our literal specific labor contributes to our economic engines uh to a much much much smaller degree than the elites of previous iterations of class rule did and that means that at the top is just like the children of the children of the children of the children which means that they have had any... connection to the virtues that have been crafted through that struggle to taken whole power have been completely removed and abstracted and turned into automatic processes, so we're literally we're dysgenically selecting the worst elite possible, which is why any attempt to cotify the current elite structure through appeals to social darwinism and the need to make sure that we have the most eugenically perfect you selected for an arid abstraction that cannot effectively engage with the world, except through all these layers of technology, and they'll say, oh yes, but we'll always have the technology, but at a certain point the technology strips you of any human involvement at all, any human uh, space, that you have not been instrumentalized, so that's what they're they think. going to preserve you know this legacy of of virtues one in battle and toil and and like through you know the will to power, but they're actually inthrowing a bunch of fucking uh zombie sheep who are going to get their brains scooped out by their own fucking immersion blenders, they're fucking wi-fi enabled immersion blenders, they're going to become wi-fi connected vat grown human husks, all the while having a pathetic internet culture telling each other that they're oh we're actually the based inheritors of human civilization even though they're actually sitting in the fucking uh living tomb of of like the human spirit so that's why that you know if you are self-consciously identifying with with class hierarchy as the inevitable and fundamental structure of human relations, if you think that that is is fixed and unchanging, then you are an enemy of humanity, because what you're really defending is the algorithm, you think you're defending uh humanity, but you're really just defending the accurisance of a civilization that is always dominated by a, a corrupt, decadent and uh unjustly enthroned elite the matter. what meritocratic dance you play, or or how you're the hoops you go through, you reassert a unworthy cast benefiting from the labor of people who through the struggle of their lives are accumulating actual meaningful uh abilities, actual effective ways to stop the total destruction of the biome and reverse it even. That's only being made outside of power structures, because power is synonymous with ease, with comfort, with this disconnection from oneself, one's surroundings, everybody else in one's life, so the closest thing these people have to a fashion of an idea of a human utopia, is the jets, it's uh, it's it's the epcod center moon. space where where Tommy and Frankie are sitting around and playing Parchizi in a in a bubble on the moon and they've got little laser beanies or something, that's it, technology uh inshrining what, the the pleasures of a 20th century American beneficiary of imperial domination, suburban comfort. uh and total isolation, but there is something cute about it and childish and like and and and relatable, and you can see how someone could imagine with that in their head getting there being a politically virtuous path, and yeah, stuff like the moon, he wrote a book about like the future of of uh, like what, he he wrote a futurist manifesto about... what the near future America would look like? this was in the 90s right when he was big when he was like this guy might be president someday and he talked about how like oh there'll be a diagnostic chair in your house and you instead of going to doctor you just sit in it and a bunch of sensors tell you how you're doing and you know uh essentially a ch wall he just described different ways that like the a furniture in your home would bring things to you and we are trying to construct that, but in the janky, busted uh uh, infrastructure deficient way that we can in a like a stripdown state and a pirated uh privatized order where the you know the vision these people have is the vision of NASA in the 50s in the 60s, it's it's the vision of the kein military uh fortest state that we have been stripmining for the past 40 years for parts, so that means instead of press a button and you get a food materializing out of a hole in the wall, you press a button and an immigrant on a motorcycle drives down to a restaurant and brings it over to your house. because you pressed the button, that is what we got instead of that, and we get uh elon musk selling fake tickets to Mars as the Martian colonies that these guys have anticised about, but you can see sketched out the vision of the whole thing, and uh our phones our our cell phones, that's what we got instead of the like digital interface that was going to revolutionize our subject. that we imagined in the future, and all those things, they represent the same consumer experience, as the vision promised, but involve instead of fully automated technological process that involves no human labor, it's animated by vast, vast levels of hyper exploitation of human labor. and that's always what's embedded in the fantasy of uh automated capitalism, the only way you get to that fantasy, this is the great irony, the only way you get to the jetsons fantasy, although it would not be that isolated, it would not reproduce that like suburban, psychotic loneliness, because it wouldn't have, it wouldn't win if it did, you know, like a communism that could take control. of the means of production is going to build a social imaginary that is not going to want to reinforce those patterns of of atomization, but that that level of comfort and ease, and that and that lack of friction between people and between people in their environment, that technology is promising us, the only way you get that is through humans taking power over the the technological. chain and there is no point, and and these guys will admit it, there's no point in this progression where we take power, we only hand over the rains to the ais, which is really just them, confessing without saying so that they've already surrendered to the AI in the form of the algorithmic imperative to extract profit maximally at every point in every moment. now people say, what's neoliberalism, what's capitalism, and you can say it's it's that moment, it's when all other prerogatives have been overritten everywhere, and of course the rejoinder to that is always, that's always been how capitalism is, what's different, and the different is not the imperative at the heart of the system, that's always there, what is different is the lack of points of resistance within these greater systems of capital. is embedded in our economic, our political, our cultural institutions that are filled with human beings and human beings who have to form, they have to connect the circuit, they have to be there to connect the circuit, metabolically and cognitively, they have to do the actions and make the decisions that computers to this point can't, because they do not have anything other than this single prerogative powering them, and we push back through our institutions to... degree or another, and uh, during the the Fortest compromise years after the war, these imperative to to extract profit at every point was not, extinguished, it was merely controlled and reduced and pushed back against by robust institutions of governance and regulation, like the federal government, like Post Wagner Labor movement, those things. dissolved away and so that the those uh resistance points are now gone, so that means that the the imperative that was always there is now the only thing, it is now the only thing that people at positions of power have to uh reckon with when they're thinking about what to do, they don't have to triangulate between that and other demands by other constituencies, because those constituencies have been depoliticized. demobilized and replaced by price signals in a market, and if that's the only thing you're getting, then the only imperative that will be followed by any person is going to be maximizing profit, which means we have already been taken over, we have all the the singularity already happened, skynet already became aware, you can argue about when if sometime after the oil shock, you got to say the oil shock of 1973 is where you the pistol. the specific shape of the oil crisis and why oil is the thing that sets it off, but that is what sets it off. like the tremors are already occurring earlier than that, and you see with Nixon doing wage and price controls, this attempt to bottle up this problem of trying to equalize uh capitalism away from the United States now that you have created an actual networked global system, which means you've got to start doing things like creating uh uh consumer economies in uh former col. formerly dominated places, unless in because if you don't do that, overproduction at the center will tip the whole thing over, but how do you do, how do you manage that when you have constituencies in the United States that have gone used to, gaining some percentage of uh profits and and laying claim to the accompaning political power that comes from those profits, they had to be dealt with. and what made that go from a uh a simmering crisis to a permanent condition of decline was the oil crisis? so you can argue at what point from then do you have a system where oh the final resistance has been defeated here, there will be no internal uh challenge to the full final uh domination of humanity by capital. "the fall of the Soviet Union, I think is probably the uh, the top candidate in my opinion, uh, because that was does remove the last uh, state entity that provides any resistance to capitalist imperatives at the level of national, international relations. ships affairs and as a result trade, because you have the non-aligned world as as this zone of contention, and that disciplines all actors down through the chains of the United States, governing institutions, political and economic, go on, and once that happens, we're there, we're in, we're in there. but uh that's should not be, as I often say that should not be dispiriting, it should be liberating, because it means you don't have to depend on uh these things fixing themselves, uh, you can depend on yourself responding to changing conditions under the... this permanent crisis, like you have the power, and nobody else is really going to be able to resist what comes, they can only adapt, we're all going to have a chance to do that, and that's scary, but every, every moment in human history is scary, like we talk about how oh, this is the first generation to feel like there's no future, in the deps of the cold war. the the the cultural uh shadow of the bomb is kind of hard to overestimate, i mean they were teaching kids how to get underneath desks, like and this is at the height of American prosperity where there was a vision of a future that people believed in, you know, the fucking space needle is is a monument to it, uh, but there was this cloud around it that like we're going to kill ourselves before we get there. but a really good uh candidate for a year that this happens that Skynet becomes self-aware is uh 1991 which is when the Soviet Union falls and also when operation desert storm occurs. Holy crap, I just checked to make sure and confirm this, but 1991 also as I expected the release date of the film terminator to judgement day, motherfucking James Cameron, a true sear visionary, the American Napoleon, it's just it is, it speaks to our lack of agency relative to the systems of control that we live under, that our Napoleon is a fucking film director, because that's the only place you can exercise that will to power that Napoleon held, it has been bread out of us to want those things. but yes he saw it skynet self-aware 1991 because once you get this the desert storm post desert storm new world order in place and then hand it over to the fucking uh bill bill clinton to give it the gloss of liberal uh virtue to say don't worry guys this is not the old Ragonite blood death war machine this is a new system that seeks to impose uh democratic values on the world actually we're doing the good stuff uh we're doing good sort of. interventions now, don't worry about it, we're going to beat up those pesky serbs, hey you guys don't think that you need NATO, now that the war is over, you don't think that you need a defense pact, you don't think you need a reason to uh uh, you don't think you need to rely on American military power, you think you can just stop uh, there's these serbs we got to blow up because they're being mean to everybody. Turkey is doing the same thing to the Kurds at the same moment, but just not even an agenda i of course Rwanda gets looked back, looked on because the US doesn't have that kind of strategic interest there, uh, but where there's strategic interest, there's a fake moral quandry and of a fake responsibility to protect, and then we get this new bipartisan death machine, uh, and the beauty part is is that you can when you're in power, you can imagine that you're doing the good. sort of uh warfare, not the bad sort, and this of course goes for Republicans too, like they don't like that kind of fruity uh uh democrat militarism, they don't care about that kind of stuff, they they want to fucking kick ass uh and so they have their own fantasies of of military domination, of course the Iraq war allowed both sides because they had to, like the left was destroyed, this was the only politics left, the only way to respond to something like the spectacular. nature of 911 is going to be some mass sacrifice somewhere else, who's going to pay for this? both sides want someone to pay for this, and Iraq is a perfect way for both sides to be happy, you can be like, we're saving the irakis from a dictator, or you can say we're bombing their ass and taking their gas, it didn't matter, and now part of our real cultural fragmentation, and the reason that we have this political crisis in our center is that now we can't agree on where to have our collective uh, which stands for Russia which stands for all bad governance everywhere. Russia stands for Trump, stands for dictatorships, stands for all that is unclean and unvirtuous in politics for the liberals, so perfect, and and you don't have to even send US soldiers there for ik casquets getting brought back, nobody wants that. But for the republicans that's no good, they like. Russia is cool uh and they they cannot imagine fighting Russians as as a way to vent their anxieties and frustrations now Mexico now you're talking talked about this last week so now that's why the new republican vision of uh empire is uh redirecting in our powers where they need to be put which is into protect to defending the border and and going across the border and trying to and going to war with the cartels that we armed and and it'll be the... exact same thing as when we fucking go blow up Saddam Hussain after we gave him uh chemical weapons and support during the Iran Iraq war, we went into Panama after we use them as a cutout for drug dealing and and uh funding the contras, we have been piping billions of dollars of weapons there to serve the political purpose of neutralizing a uh challenge to the... uh corrupt uh vassal state that we run down there? that's why amlo is such a fascinating figure because he does he is trying to secure a uh like a popular poll, not a fully transactional poll, but like a popular uh nationalistic and uh idealistic challenge to the cartel state that they got there, so perfect time to go in there, if his if his power stays as is difficult to unlodge as it appears, and if he keeps making noises about privatizing shit, like like further privatizing their uh, natural their natural gas and oil industry, or their their infrastructure, then you're going to have bipartisan elite. uh interest in seeing it carried out, and then one one side can hoot and holler and and and patch the chips while they're watching Fox News, footage of you, cartel guys getting blown up in drone strikes. with all of these standing in for the final dream of apocalyptic anniholation at the hands of a uh uh conflict with China. All right, so this brings us back to the Iraq war, as I the first Iraq war, which in 1991, the year that we made contact, the year that the algorithm became self-aware, the year that the antibodies in the human system. against a full takeover of this viral, this viral uh imperative that was part of a matrix of social realities powering the capitalist state after 1991 it becomes the only thing, it dominates everything and it hollows out the body from the inside, and we are we were in there, but the reason i say that's not a bummer is because a corps. will grow flowers, like it's it's we we have to get out of the idea that that uh, like that the western teliology is real rather than kind of just a mental organizing principle, like cycles are the dominant reality of life, cycles of death and rebirth and renewal, that is the dialectical process, churning through matter and energy. but in my view, it is a circle that is directionally upward, a funnel if you will, and if you you see drawings of like the dielectrical historical process, it's not a line up, it is a circle, it is a cork screw up, and we're somewhere aligned along in this corks true formation, but we will never know specifically where. and that's fine, but 1991 is when uh, we got we got terminal, we became terminal, uh, and we celebrated it with blowing up uh, a bunch of Iraqi infrastructure and then turning it into trading cards, yeah, the Iraq war did not take place, well tell that to the good people at desert storm proset sir, because to them it very much happened, so let's start here, we've got a military asset in the armory, armor and artillery category, it is the M60 main battle tank, look at this bad boy, i got to say i really like the the shape of this guy, i like that big old cannon coming out of the front, it's pretty bad ass, like the m60, i don't really like the Abrahams as much. uh, so the main stay of American armor since the mid-60s, the M60 replaced the slower and smaller mf48 uh, armed with the larger 105 millimeter gun for more firepower, yeah, that's right, the M60 had substantially improved armor protection, yet its road speed and range were comparable to the lighter tank, an important part of operation desert storm, the M60 MVT formed well in the ground war, and as I said last week, there were some tank battles, as Walter Subjek had predicted, you did see some tank battles, you know, but a bunch of figaters trying to find reverse on a soviet tank, it's it's just not the same, and then here the specs, manufacturer, Detroit Arsenal, tank general dynamics, armament 100. 105 mm gun 1. 17 uh 6 7.62 millimeter machine gun, 12.7 millimeter machine gun for anti-aircraft defense. speed 30 mis per hour, range 298 miles, crew four. so i'm assuming the Abrahams was bigger than that one, this guy's like a little little zooping around, zipping around, zapping around. All right, here we go, next one, and it's the military skill of health and hygiene, wash your ass, folks, wash your ass, you better be washing your ass, if you can't see this, it's got a cantein, it's got a a towel, it's got a... It's got a generic stick of deodorant and a uh a silver bucket. I got to say, if I was a kid and I got this one, I would be bummed. I don't think anybody is trading for this one at theon. table: soldiers in the field learn quickly that staying shape, staying clean keeps them in fighting shape, a clean pair of socks every day and proper bathing wards off athletes foot, trench foot and other painful conditions. Underclothing loses its insulating qualities after use and must be changed. combat combat soldiers often use their helmets as a basin to sponge bathe and have orders to brush their teeth at least once a day. That is a standing order in the fucking army is wash your goddamn teeth cleanliness. and health ad up to top military, top to top performance every day, so that yeah, they had to tell the their kids, wash your ass, which reminds me that apparently there has been just a complete collapse in hygiene and basic human functionality of uh military recruits now, like they have to put signs out, like at the cafeterias, they have to put out uh signs with colors on them to uh tell the kids how much of it they're supposed to eat, so like the... don't just eat 500 chicken fingers, so like chicken fingers is is red, so just have a few chicken fingers and then you know like a carb or or vegetables, it's like that's green, go for it, so you probably do have to remind them to wash they aast, so yeah, can you imagine like yeah, you you you join the the army and then there's the cafeteria and you just eat 50 chicken fingers, you're just like, oh this is wonderful. Here we go, personnel, us Marine warrior, oh baby, us marine warrior, this is a shitty photo, this is one of the worst photos, uh, yeah, it's like it's a it's a it's very, it's from... distance, it's blurry, you can't see his face, he's like going over what appears to be a wall, there's a flame in the front, it's supposed to be an action shot, it's absolutely incoherent, it stinks, this is a terrible card, thumbs down just from a design perspective, us marines trained to be infantry first, they are taught that they will face nine common elements in combat, violent sights and sounds, oh boy, so wait a minute, so they get trigger warnings in the marine, you go to fucking wake island and Gunnery Sergeant Hartman is giving you a trigger warning. Listen here, Maggets, you will experience violent sights and sounds, casualties, confusion and lack of information, feeling of isolation, communication breakdowns, discomfort and fatigue, fear and stress, continuous operations and homesickness, imposter syndrome. No, I made up imposter syndrome. Five characteristics, enable marines to overcome fear. morale, discipline, isprie decore, proficiency and motivation, so wait a minute, so uh, one of the things that motivates uh, overcoming fear is motivation, okay, the proficiency i can understand, and who doesn't love is free decore, which just means hanging with your boys. all right, here we go, got government, hm, interesting, iraki system, i don't know, this is a little problematic, it's just a guy on a camel, in darkness again, these things are very uh, there's very, there's few, i kind of realize that they probably do this to avoid having to license anyone's image, so like there's no pictures of people in in uh focus really in any of this, there's a few, but it's it's very rare, that's it's probably a way to say. spokes smokes person uh Iraqi system, the Iraqi government is a republic, broadly speaking, since the chief of state is not a monarch, since akudata in July 1968, Iraq has been governed by decrees of the Arab bath socialist party through the council of command, the president Saddam Hussain leads the council and the council of ministers. I guess yeah, like they didn't want to put Saddam on the card, what they thought kids would think he was cool, this is very... different from the second Iraq war where they were selling those fucking trading cards that they had of all the war criminals, you could write a fucking book about those two uh different card sets that you could buy about those two wars and like this representing you know like mid-century all gs americana like oh g wiz you know like a a modernist popular culture because you know baseball cards put them in the spokes of bicycle riding down to the phosphate shop and on your news on your uh on your um paper route, but then by 2003, the the 90s happened, the end of history, the uh the gen or the rise of genx and now you're putting war criminals uh on a deck of trading playing cards, like it's fully ironized, here we go, oh my god, geography, Netherlands, they're talking about the Dutch now, the Dutch, there it is, the Netherlands, the low countries or at least some of them, I mean we said this before, but the most successful criminal enterprise in history is. the dutch republic, those motherfuckers raped the entire world, started a process that would see the despoilation of all human value, and it's turned into abstract uh dead trinkets to be traded by a dwindling band of European sex pedits uh and now they have a nice incredibly walkable series of uh of medieval cities and and charming bestros and legal weed. fucking swamp germans man, kingdom of the Netherlands, the Netherlands utilizing much land reclaimed from the sea by drainage, drainage, lies in northeast western Europe on the north sea, formed by the Congress of Vienna in 1815, the Netherlands became a charter member of the United Nations in 1945, for operation deserts. storm the Netherlands contributed air and naval units, well I hope naval units, I mean they're famously a seafaring people, it was um more than almost anything, uh, it was the development of um naval uh technology and specifically advances in um fishing boat design that drove the uh innovative engine of uh like uh economic power like what allowed them to create this incredibly rich trade economy was that they had this industrial protoindustrial process for fishing and then processing fish for market because there's a big problem when you're fishing what not you got to get it very quickly to a processing facility or it goes which limits how much you can actually get in your boat before you have to return to harbor. they the Dutch created these giant floating fish processing plants that allowed for the capture of fish and their immediate processing which you could stack them up and stay out longer. so you're getting you're getting wage laborers, wage laboring fishermen. in here instead of people who own their own boats and the attendant economic activity of that you have this huge amount of uh fish which is in huge demand is like it is the uh it is the most uh portable fungable protein source in Europe so it's a huge demand everywhere and you are the you are the funnel point uh so they were able to just uh stockpile capital in a huge. way, which allowed them to then turn it into eventually the stock certificates of the East and West India company. Okay, this is interesting, were the Dutch the least horrific of the global empires? This is one of those deals where you could say, like just by numbers, yeah, because the Dutch never really held any that much territory for that long, and they didn't have, they they other than south. they didn't really have any like settler colonies, well and I'm sorry in New Amsterdam, but they lost that one uh, well that's the thing, they lost it very early, so they couldn't really develop the stuff, but I mean when you're the first, or one of the first, you know, like it was the Portuguese too, one of the very first powers to like embed these structures, you know, like create this wind up this herty girty that pulls humans out of uh west africa and into the Caribbean and exchange for fucking molass. and going to uh Europe for uh specie like uh that's got to be very uh high level crime that can't be made up for by the fact that other people ended up you know racking up higher numbers they were doing it in structures of your uh design right like that's it they had South Africa and they had new new Amsterdam. and a few islands in the caribian, but like Indonesia, that they didn't really try to settle that, oh man, the swedes, delaware, they showed up late. uh when they were at their most ambitious and then it all kind of fell away all right here we go uh the republic another geography one the republic of Niger oh wait a minute did i even read this yeah i didn't read this one did i oh right i didn't read the the uh i didn't read the netherlands stats which are important geographical area 15,700 population 14.8 million, language, dutch, predominant religions, Roman catholicism and dutch reformed protestantism, more of the latter than the former, although at this point islam more than either of them, in terms of like a religion people actually believe in, capital Amsterdam, government type, parliamentary democracy with a constitutional monarch, head of government, prime ministers, guy's name was rude lubers, r u ud, These people are a prank on the world, the fucking dutch, rude lubers, kindly fuck out of here, directly out of my asshole. Okay, so we got geography, another country, Niger here, Niger, a former French colony, Niger gained its independence in 1958, its geography is strongly influenced by the Sahara, arabal land constituting 3%, supports peanuts, and millet. Uranium is a principal export. Trading partners include France, Nigeria and Japan. In recent years drout and famin have plagued the country. Nigeria is a member of the United Nations and the coalition forces. So I think Nigeria just like signed a card, Niger just signed a card. They were passing a card around at the UN, and they signed it and nobody expected them to send anybody. Geographical area, 489,206 miles. Square miles. population 7.9 million, languages. French, hausa, songhai, and Arabic, predominant religions, Islam, animism, Christianity. Capital: Naimai, government type, republic, military regime since 1974, head of government, president Alf Saibu, not as funny as Rude Loubers, oh boy, Niger, the Sahel, man, that that area is uh, fucked, pretty terrible. fine to think about, okay, here we go, uh, we got a military asset, a warbird, the mirage 2000, the mirage 2000, oh yeah, the sanghai dynasty was fucking uh, they were, they were absolutely five star pims, no question, masamusa fucking causing uh, uh hyperinflation everywhere he went because he was throwing so many fucking uh fat racks around on his way to mecca. the mirage 2000 warbird used by both the french and the United Arab Emirates air forces. the mirage is a delta wing interceptor and air superiority fighter but is hampered in anything other than a defense role by its high fuel consumption and large wing. you fucking assholes with your giant wings sucking up all your... energy, limited in attack, limited in attack mode, it is, however, able to carry air to surface, exochet is it, I've never seen this pronounced, I've already, I've read it in a bunch of Tom Clancy books, it's exochet airship or as MP cruise missiles, exochet anti-ship missiles, there always shooting those off in Tom Clancy books, but I don't think I've ever seen it or heard it said, set exoset, exoset, okay? uh, this is very funny because so this is a french air, this is a french uh fighter right uh that they sold to the uh uae and the frent and the french are part of the coalition, but they're still this is like this isn't later when they didn't go along, they went along with us, and yet this cart is still just owning the mirage and making fun of it, like every American piece of equipment is incredibly powerful, dynamic, multi-use, kicks ass, but the fucking mirage, you know, is it's hampered in anything other than a defense roll by its high fuel consumption and large wing, you know, it's limited in attack mode, but it's able to carry ship to ship except airship or asmp cruise missile, very condescending, so like fuck you frenchy, the mirage ain't shit, we've got another warbird, the mig 21, fish head, fish bed, fish bed, fish bed, that is a hell a Yes, it's the mig 21 fish bed, it's a fish bed, folks, what do you want, what do you want, it's a fish bed, look, the Soviet Union was having a hard. Okay, they were having a hard time thinking the names. The Iraqi air force has more mig-21s than any other aircraft at the beginning of operation desert storm. Primarily a swept-winged fighter, the mig-21 can be used as a bomber or reconnaissance aircraft, but a combat load limits its range. A Mac2 aircraft at higher altitudes, the Mig 21 fishbed slows considerably in a low altitude attack mode, also kind of catty about the migs, you fucking you suck. migs, fuck you, you migs, bitch, oh, so this is not what the Russians called it, this is what the Americans call, this is like how the the uh, the lakota did not call themselves su, su is like a pejorative name from their uh, their tribal rivals, so we're using the American name, so there you go, I don't know what they called it, but we called it the fish bed, and according to them, it's not that... great all right, here we go, military skill, women in combat, yeah, that's right, see here it is, even in the shell of like the Reagan Bush uh, you know, reactionary empire state, we have the glimerings of the coming uh, clintonite millennial liberal military, you see it coming. women's military skill is not restricted to men, women are represented in all branches of the US military, although legally banned from combat, women served in support roles including resupply and transportation, their close proximity to the front lines of a modern war put them in the same risk as their male counter parts, it's the same risk, they're right there, i mean in it's kind of funny because it's like yeah sure, you're correct, but in the Iraq war that in the first Persian Gulf, the Persian Gulf war, that means basically no danger at all. Oh my god, the risks, here we go, personnel, united states air force, high way to the danger zone, high way to the danger zone, i know that that, i know that was the navy. that was not the air force, but it's still a fun song to sing, and they should honestly abolish the air force, it was stupid that they made it and they should get rid of it. the names rickenbocker, mitchell, du little, vandenberg, Arnold and Lem are synonymous with the history of the US air force, and props to them for putting leme in there, yeah, the guy you like massackered, half a million Japanese people, he's our guy, until September 1947. America's airpower was with the army, navy and marine services. Today's US air force grew out of the US Army's early 1900s flying core reconnaissance aircraft. The true potential of air warfare was evident throughout World War II. On January 16th, 1991, the strength of America's airpower was demonstrated in operation Desert storm. That's certainly true. We did show that in certain circumstances you could just fucking drop a shit ton of bombs and just go home. uh this is a the top see here we go this is a perfect example of how they don't want to license names uh you've got this picture of you know sunset cockpit and then underneath it where you would think would be you know above it says top officer chief of staff of the air force general maril a mcpeak why wouldn't you just put a picture of marill mcpeak in here buse you don't want to pay for him, you don't want to drop any cash on Maril Mcpeak, and finally, this is a hilariously anti-climactic way to end of the show today, Canada, oh yes our America Junior helping out, sorry for all those times we tried to invade you and take you over, uh, no hard feelings, will you come help us blow up a middle eastern country together? Oh yeah, no problem, hey, oh, wait a minute, I'm sorry, I misread this, it's even more, it's even better than that, uh, and it definitely tells me that they must have needed to pad a ton of these cards with uh content, because this isn't Canada, this is the Canadian national anthem, it's it's just the... anthem of a country that stuck along that like tagged along, and I guess now I have to sing it. Uh. By the way, I would just like to say that Canada, I make fun of them, of course, America Junior, but they have a better anthem than us and they have a better flag also. Since 1980, the national anthem of Canada has been Oh, Canada, before then, the official anthem had been, God save the king or queen. Oh, Canada was written by, 1842 to 1893, 91. In 1880 for a contest held by a French Canadian organization. to select a national anthem, the words in french were written later by sir, but did not gain wide acceptance until 1908 when they were translated into English by RS Weer, interesting, oh Canada started off as a French song, I wonder if that annoys the separatists, so they didn't have the lyrics to it, which is good buse I realized that I don't actually know how it goes after the first line, i know it's oh canada our home and native land, true patriot love at all our sons command, and then there's some other stuff, but i don't know exactly how it sounds, like i don't know what the melody is, so probably for the best, you got enough, you got enough of that song. in all of us command and not in all our sons command? okay, didn't know that. someone says it sounds better in french, i'm sure it does, i mean they've got the best national anthem, the french do, the actual french do, so it would make sense that the quebequais would put up a good anthem. the soviet national anthem is amazing, i love it, but i still i think i might give the lamasasai the edge, just barely, to me it goes uh, the soviet national anthem and then the international, which is good, but not as good. I got to listen to the East German national anthem apparently someone's asking about Sudan, I have no idea what's going on over there. you got you got to this looks like a little bruwin civil war, can't imagine that's going to be uh less common in the coming years. did serbia just get mass shootings, so now we know how how fashion gets to the uh the former eastern block. Well, I'm glad that uh, I'm glad that the continued export of American cultural objects is is going. unimpeded, good news, and now the serbs are giving up their guns, now they're gonna get they're gonna get caught lacking, the Albanians are gonna fucking win the cat lacking challenge against Serbia, if they do this. somebody's asking about like did the did serbia have it coming that uh did they deserve to be bombed or whatever to me and this is i mean i know that he's now problematic obviously and he had was before for other more banal reasons but Chamsky's uh the specific point made that has gotten him called a genocide desire uh both in the 70s and in the 90s was to when asked about uh vietnamese or when asked about uh the Cambodia would say they're killing a million they killed a million uh communists and uh predominantly Chinese uh etnic like ethnic Chinese communists in Indonesia at the same time uh just slightly before all right. I know uh, they were killing everybody in East Temore at that point, and they are already killed a million uh, largely Chinese communists in Indonesia, and it's like, well, if that's the case, then the entire premise of the question is uh, reduced to absurdity, morality doesn't ender in because we know that there is no line, there is no existential line being crossed with the behavior. and the point made in the 90s in the same parallel is that I said this earlier in the show, there was a extended uh air and ground offensive against restive Kurdish uh provinces in uh south eastern Turkey uh in southwestern Turkey uh in this the exact same time that we were bombing Serbia and using the exact same sort of techniques that Serbs were using, so again... that's the case, then what are we really, what is the real question here? because if they also deserved it and didn't get that treatment, the turks didn't get intervened on, then we're not talking about a real moral line that anyone with any any position of power actually cares about, so what does talking about it serve, serves to vindicate a fantasy of a more guided foreign policy, all right, on that fun topic, i'll sign off for this week, see you guys soon, bye-bye.