 everybody is building the ships and boats, some are building monuments, others counting out floats, everybody is in despair, every girl and boy when quin the esquimo gets here, everybody going to jump for joy, come on without, come on within, you not see nothing like the mighty, quin come on without, come on within, you not see nothing like the mighty quin, if you do what i want to do, can't decide my own, tell me where to put it and i'll tell you who to call, nobody can get no sleep with someone's anyone's does, but when quin the esquimo gets here, b is going to want to dose, come on without, come on within, you're not seeing nothing like a mighty quin, want to see you come on without, come on within, i don't see nothing like a mighty quin, do what i want to do that? like just like the rest of like my sugar sweet jumping kings and making haste just ain't my cup of meat my can get no sleep feeding pigeons on the limb but when quin the eskimo gets here all the pigeon's going to run to him it's funny someone calls me bavarian uh my sister has gotten big into the ancestry stuff she's doing the deal where you click on all the uh leafs and you follow the the the train and it's pretty interesting actually because turns out uh no, not really Bavarian at all, a lot of Norwegian, actually uh, but there is obviously a lot of german uh, and it's near Bavaria, it's like in the Rhineland uh, the platinate actually, uh, Batten uh, Wirtenberg. uh and like those the catholic protestant sort of liminal space there, but not Bavaria itself, but it is that like the Rhineland is where a lot of the people migrated in the 19th century to the United States, and they traded their white wine for beer, but the most interesting one and I said this on Twitter when I found out is that uh, my ninth great grandfather, like 90. 9th great great great great grandfather was from a small principality in north west Germany uh and in the 30 years war he was a barber surgeon in somebody's army I don't know who's so direct familial connection to the 30 years war which is pretty cool uh yeah the uh the stream yesterday was very fun, i want to keep going because uh much better, i mean obviously i can't take any credit because i just i said vague stuff like hey let's attack uh let's attack transsylvania like that's it but doing very well it's it's eight it's 1658 i think something around there so we've gone past the 30 years war period the piece of we got to the piece of westfailia much earlier with much more of Germany under catholic rule including saxony where Beer George was converted to Catholicism um that means that fucking Wittenberg is back under the church's Umbrella, which is boss, uh, but then we turned right around, went to work with the Ottomans, rinsed the Ottomans because they were at that point having a war with the safavids uh, and they didn't have the wear with all to split their attention, and we kind of went around uh through the black sea back door and ended up taking the Holy Land, that's right, holy Roman emperor, Ferdinand II, taking over for his dad, the uh the Hapsburg of Hapsburgs, reclaiming the motherfucking holyland, then we took a nice chunk out of Switzerland, including Geneva, and again this is just racking up. to score on the fucking prots, oh geneva, heart, the place where Kelvin came up with his bullshit, yoink, welcome back to the boosm of the one true church, bitch, and now. We are going to team up with Russia and our Spanish Hapsburg cousins to fuck France and Poland. We are going to uh partition Poland, that's inevitable, but you know, come on, there's no world where the Poland does not get partitioned a million times. Uh, the real, the real leverage, the real like historical. we're going to have is that if we succeed in carving up france, taking it, taking like Alsast and loraine for the holy Roman empire, giving a big chunk of like the bask country and uh aquataine there to Spain, and then turning the rest into vassel states, then it's it's us, the Hapsburgs, the Holy Roman empire versus the uh, the English. the Norwegian, I'm sorry, the English, the fucking Dutch and the Sweds, so I'm hoping if we could beat, if we beat France, I'm going, my plan would be from there, invasion of Ireland, of course, that's always, that's always how you get, if you try, the only real way you can get to England is through Ireland. go there ally with the local catholic uh population uh and at this point uh the I think in England in our version of it, the English civil war has led to a collapse of the monarchy, they got some guy in there, don't even know who the hell it is, so so the hope here is to exterminate uh England and at the very least uh suborn the Dutch. As we know from history, the Dutch can be suborned, but the angle has to be uh, just definitively broken. And then with Germany being the hegemonic polity. of uh the modern world, you get a nice clean socialist revolution at the heart of capitalism where it belonged, so that's the goal to uh to redirect the flow of historical forces towards uh Germany and away from fucking England. but if we break up France, humble their their asses, then I guess we take, I don't honestly think you you you take North America, but you know you become like a trading partner, right? so yes of of course eventually that means war with Spain and Russia, but come on, the Spaniards. "they never had a chance, and you know what, it has nothing to do with their Mediterranean temperament or even the the the lovely weather, uh, it has a little bit to do with the aridity of the soil in the Iberian peninsula, but uh, only so far as it led the Spanish, it helped motivate the Spanish to take the big style investment risk of uh, exploration." they were behind the eight ball relative to the other countries in Europe and they were forced to go west because they were holding on to some scraps of decreasingly arable land and then the fact that they were first and the fact that Spain is the first hegemonic uh uh state-like thing to emerge after the Roman empire in Europe after the fall of Charlain anyway. It meant that it commenced a competition between the other states that now had to like orient towards Spain, but Spain was never going to be able to adjust, because what gets you to the top, it is is what is going to bring you down, the the the the things that you, the tools that you use as a state to gain power to to to accelerate like past your limitations and create like a new... horizon, as soon as that uh machine has been built, it cannot be reformed meaningfully from within, because the the elite. holders who got you there are going to use their position to prevent anyone else from challenging their specific power within the structure and so that means that for example Spain spreads feudalism to the new world as opposed to approaching the question of uh colonialism from from a national or commercial perspective, it becomes a uh simply a process of saying, hey you know how there are people who hold land and and the rights to labor within a certain area in iberia, we're just going to have you do that in north america or in south latin america, you you wear your loyalty to the king, not even to Spain, and then you get to be your own little feudal lord, and so the vast riches of the new world, extracted by the wholesale slaughter of the of the population uh, were alarmingly ineffective at helping the Spanish fight off rivals like France, and uh, resistance within. body politic like in the Netherlands, and so Spain just had to sort of drift through this process, well France develops the absolute state, the Dutch develop the first modern commercial economy, the English bring the commercial economy uh into a constitutional uh monarchial order, they synthesize all of these processes, meanwhile none of these processes are allowed to take place in Spain, and it becomes so embedded that by the 19th century, I was saying this on the stream yesterday, by the time the bourgeois buy out the land of the declining aristocrats of Spain and the Catholic Churches land is finally put on the market and bourgeois buy it, instead of bringing ba values to land owning like they did in the Netherlands, like they did in uh, in uh England, they start living like aristocrats and just blowing all of their surplus instead of investing it in improving production. Yeah, I definitely have to remember to not siege London, I need to take it immediately, the same thing with Hannibal too, Hannibal, don't, don't fuck around, go see attack and take Rome, what is wrong with you? I mean, I'm sure that Hannibal had a good reason not for trying to take Rome, but at the same time his strategy of like playing wackamoll with uh Rome's allies, I don't, I don't know if it had a uh, I don't know what the viability of that was and obviously it just didn't work, someone says I'm describing what sounds like our bourgeois too, precisely where every, this is why all orders collapse, because there is a fix to any exogenous uh crisis that afflicts a political order, there is a fix always, there has to be, because humans have the capacity to endlessly rearrange the relationship to nature, uh, we know that, it's just a question of executing it, so we know it's possible, the reason it can't happen in the long run, accumulating crises plus the internal tensions and contradictions within the society will bring about their crisis and collapse. why they can't respond productively to crisis, and instead have to only deepen crisis, is because Elites will not let go of their particular power, and it would require that to meet crisis, like when everybody starts fighting the Dutch when they become too dangerous in the 1700s uh, and like France and England team up against them. the uh the Amsterdam burgers who had built this thing, this incredible machine help destroy it because they wouldn't, they owned all the boats for one thing and they didn't want to. risk them in battle, they didn't want to pay taxes for the the military. uh, is there an example of it happening, elite seeding their power to solve the crisis? i'd be interested to see someone uh, maybe put up a uh, a potential candidate for that uh. "I think once you reach a certain level of social complexity and hierarchy, you have created a situation where your elites live in a different world than the one that the rest of their society lives in and the one that their society is collectively interacting with nature and other people with, like they are in a bubble that profoundly dwarfs and warps their unexperience of the world." like they're looking through like uh to the other side of a black hole created by their wealth and power. i mean, you could call it mental illness and in like a strict sense it is, but of course it can't be recognized by that because uh they've a society has been built to uh select for that kind of mental state. and no one can get in the bubble and stop them as the thing, because they they built a system that before anything else prevents that. other stuff is built on top of those directives, but the prime directive of maintaining that separation is the one that all goals and all energy derives from, everything else is secondary. and and and like the story of the the rise of the bourgeois in Europe is of the old land owning elite being forced over time to concede both by the political and military uh power of the bourgeois as an independent social force, but also, this is the most important part, the necessity of competing. with the other European powers, and the only time that like a subultern class can rise to disrupt power is if they have an alliance with some segment of the elite class, because the el class have access to levers of power that move people through. social channels and if you don't have that executive function, your numbers and your uh energy won't mean anything. oh, of course we're gonna talk about the transportation of the akadians in the seven years war podcast. that's an amazing story. they just say, hey, you fucking uh, you guys, you, are you french, are you indian, we're not really sure, that makes us uncomfortable, get the fuck out of here, you're going to Louisiana. The difference between being forced and choosing uh really just comes down to uh the context, the pressure that they face, like they will, they will conceed power if forced to by another force within their society, working class for... example, organized and around executively functional institutions, but in the absence of that, which is what you usually get towards the end of a cycle of power, the they've beateen everybody else off, they've they've they've jacked everybody else off, they they diffed every other challenge to their internal authority, because remember that's the prime direction of the system, they are then left in a situation they will either be destroyed or recognize their threat, the threat to them, existentially and to the the system that they claim to be part of existentially, and then to do something of their own choice to change it, and that's what they won't do, because they cannot conceive of change as anything other than anniholation, because they know at a deep part, like wrapping around their spine, below conscious thought, they know what they have done. They know they're crying, they think of it consciously as their their the much they fear the other, but that is just a guilt. that is guilt and it turns into a terror of the other, because if I am brought low, if I am brought down from my status, how could I experience anything other than anniholation, and so if that's the choice, then there is no choice, you keep doing what's been you've been doing, no matter what it does, and that is what's so terrifying about the moment we live in is that because we have evacuated a... and that that's it, like that's the fear, there is no hope of a great. salvation, so anything but that, basically, and without any social vocabulary for forgiveness at any level, there's at no, there's no point where that uh anti-solidarity, that that magnetic repulsion to other people and to and and the sense of uh menace, implicit in anyone who is below us, uh, no one's going to change, no one's going to flip, no one is going to push together. like yes, like FDR, somebody's talking about FDR, that's this is interesting to talk about guys like FDR, because like we love to ascribe a all-powerful agenda to people at that levels of of influence and control, guy was US president during this moment when like the American goliath, the real American Goliath, the techno monster that uh bestrides the globe was born, you know, like you look back and it's it's... stages of expansion and awareness, but and they're all organized around tipping points, and the big one of the big ones in American history is uh, world war I uh, and so you look at him and there is this assumption that the nutering of the working class was like the general the real motivating force behind um uh. uh the new deal and the emergence of like the legalized uh labor movement uh, I mean for one thing, the context of that was that it was a demand that was being made by a coherent and incredibly powerful and incredibly effective working class organization that was making it so that the state couldn't function without its participation like you were talking about when you're talking about like the sitdown strikes and flint you're talking about just with holding labor as a group, but as uh preventing access to like huge capital resources by these companies, like that is not sustainable, that level of class conflict is not sustainable, because over time the working class will bring this thing to a fucking halt if there is not a comed, and FDR emerges to sort of negotiate away from that class apocalypse. and yes that did the that is a important step down the road to the working class uh uh political power being emasculated but for for guys in the specific position of of uh like FDR or you know the the big uh new dealer uh brain trust types like Harry Hopkins I genuinely think those guys believed and had every reason to believe it, given their life experiences, that the that man was being governed more and more by his reason, and that that reason applied to the question of economics would eventually lead the most influential and important people in the country and the world to recognize that capitalism would have to be uh yuthanized, that that there would have to be a... project of defanging capitalism and taking it over, the vision for how to do that was best exemplified in that most advanced of the social democratic states Sweden in the 70s with the Meidner plan. The Midner plan was a a concept whereby the state was going to and in l of taxes for corporations was going to take a percentage of stock every year, and that meant that over time the state would eventually have a controlling interest in every large corporation operating in Sweden. and I really do think that guys like fucking FDR and and the and the and Henry Wallas and the uh new dealers in general that's how they thought it was gonna work out that and they thought they were doing that by every choice they made now was that wrong obviously. that's why you need to be a communist du, but just saying you should be a communist is dumb because people do not come to their politics because of their virtue and insight, it's their life experiences bringing them to a conclusion through experience, not through in interacting with intellectual concepts. intellectual concepts are what you do after the experience has happened, they are the the... the symbols that you clothe your experiences with are the intellectual and ideological concepts you operate from. but i think at that point like you had people even at the very top of power who could imagine a step down. they can imagine stepping down from their specific power position within capitalism to a more egalitarian social relationship and trade that power and money for a greater sense of social and individual security and of course eventually oh what's this hey we get to flowers human beings for the first time wow that's wild but of course you know not even with it not even with that like... could be a logical choice that a eleed at that period could make, but now now that the uh the third world war has ended with the final triumph of this uh capitalism shorne of any uh resistance within it, nobody at any level of power thinks that there can be a step down, like I mean we got the richest guy on earth freaking out about... FBI crime stats every day, and like that's not because he's worried about other people, that is because he can only imagine living forever on Mars, maybe or being stabbed to death by a a other, being destroyed by the other, those are the only deaths that that's the only ends that they can conceive of, I'm not going to, they're not going to die of regular human causes, they have the money to prevent that from happening. but they don't have the money necessarily to prevent the system from collapsing. now of course there's plenty of other things that could happen that are being masked by this dichotomy of and neurotic fixation for the for the... people, like the real reason that that uh Musk is so uh fixed on danger and crime uh, is not that he's going to have it happen to him, but that he is going to at some point run out a runway on his bullshit, you know, uh, not necessarily going to happen, he has gone to the point where you could see that him is too big to fail, but there are still plenty of ways that he completely uh fucks this up. and i've said before, the the failure of AI of um self driving cars is one of the big reasons that might happen. so yeah, i increasingly think that uh. that there is a a always going to be a horizon uh for human flourishing that illuminates like our day-to-day experience. and gives us meaning and and and context and values uh, but that that is the separate question from whether this particular iteration of uh of human experience directly leads there. Yeah, that was funny, they were like, hey, uh, they show a video, they showed a video on uh, they released a video on twitter of a south driving car just blowing past this pedestrian, like, hey, good news, it doesn't stop randomly at shrubs and uh, bags blowing by in the wind anymore, but now it will just measure the life of a person against your need to get to the store on time. and just roll the dice. fact is, no one will trust it. like, yes, that's what a human would do. a human would just drive by that person who's that far from your part of the street, but we we we have accepted human uh responsibility socially for those choices and those machines cannot take that responsibility, so we will never be able to trust them. It is wild watching these guys just destroy every the the 08 crash created a i i don't want to say final because that's teleological overly teleological buse i have no idea what's going to happen to to change the order and and continue things and we can never know what like what cross currents were dealing with uh but i will say it does feel like the last burst of a of a dying engine after 08 when when our uh when our last like real estate based speculative economy kind of blew up and we had we had a choice of like okay well where are we going to dump money now? "the answer was uh Silicon Valley, because that is the next best thing to just pure financial speculation because there was no more place to uh productively invest in the United States, because we priced out uh production in the core, this is just as Markson predicted would happen, it gets to the point where it caught its uh uh, you are required to put too much capital into uh uh machinery automation uh and it makes it no longer cost effective to produce uh but you can't pay people to do it because we the wages relative to the rest of the world are so disproportionately high that in a global market it's not competitive. so where do you can you dump the money into something that is just a bunch of uh attempts to arbitrage existing elements of the economy and pry money from them? uber, netflix, all of them uh, that's all they could do, and and then of course there's the uh the tech economy of like ad driven uh uh internet interaction, you know? like, oh, people are looking at the internet a lot, that means eyeballs, that means this is an advertising space, and then we created a the uh, the ad dollar, the the digital ad dollar, which became the succeeder to the petro dollar, like data became forestbil valley, the thing that backed the the transactions and backed the currency and built this that insane camp series of campuses with these wild amounts of uh money at their fingers. tips, which they used to create, yes, some technology, but technology that uh, mostly just could be used against the population to surveil them and uh police them, but none of the breakthroughs that would make the future possible that these guys imagine, like super fast, your space travels and your your artificial intelligence, they hit a wall on all of that. And they're all hitting the wall simultaneously, that's where we're dealing with right now. now because the thing that allowed this to happen was zero interest rate environment, which persisted for over a decade, that environment is over, that means that the system that was built by it can no longer deal and cannot, as we discussed, adapt. so there's going to be this last push to try to bluff their way through by acting like AI and it's accompany innovations and breakthroughs that are gonna save us from our spiral of uh profitability uh bluff through a bridge to a future where they work, that's i think what they're all hoping for fantasizing they're gonna do. but like even if AI is functional, all it can do is further proletarianize uh American workers and reduce Americans buying power at a time when American consumer spending is still the engine of the world economy. congratulations, you saved you saved some money, now nobody can buy this bullshit. I don't think we're in the silo uh because I can see the sun and you can't see the sun underground, pretty stupid to think that, yeah cuz like the traditionally uh my boy Walter Sheidle has a book about... is traditionally the only thing that really the one consistent thing that that really works to exogenously solve this problem historically when you have just oh you have overproduced we just have way too much stuff we have way too too much uh debt and way too much uh horded wealth uh how do we affect a jubilee well you know the the the fantasy that we all have is that we come together collectively, socially to carry out a jubilee, and that I think is the is the animating force behind the socialist movement is that we can get to a point where we can choose to forgive collectively and every level, spiritually, financially, and clear the slate and reduce the overhang, but traditionally. it is, it's war, war does that, war destroys the overproduced capital, uh, sometimes it's uh, sometimes it's a timely plague uh, but usually it's war. and you know to say, well what does it mean to have a capital uh destroying war in the context of thermonuclear weapons blanketing the planet? yeakes, like we're seeing a very interesting situation though, because what differs now from 08 is that they have learned? that you can't just let you can't let anybody fail because it it will actually spook the horses, they've seen them be spook before, they know they'll do it, so with that in their minds, now there is no, nobody is getting left out, so that's why we've already had instantaneous uh bailouts, i know people could say not bailouts, whatever, just instantaneous systemic response to collapsing institutions. It does all feel like something just needs that that there just needs to be like one push you know one thing and everybody's waiting for it but I don't know maybe maybe the technology has has progressed to the point. where yeah, like it's just a it's a constant sense of suspended decline without any moment of uh of tension release. Yeah, I mean, maybe it's this default situation, although you got to figure that, I mean, they will absolutely not, I mean, the Republicans would let it happen for sure, which is the grain of truth in the analysis of the parties that says that the... republicans are like the truly radical party, they're the ones that generally challenge capitalism, it's not because they are based populists, it's not because they have any sort of class analysis of society that would be liberatory, even just for white people by the way, like they don't have a vision that even creates like a white hair and volke democracy, like that's not even there and American right-wingeryy has none of that, it is pure unadorned petty bourgeois resentment, that is it, and people respond to that, think... like a lot of people are leftists respond to that very deeply and it's like yeah because you're agrieved petty bourgeois too, of course you see that as as you understand it, but don't but that's not product, that is not uh, it cannot be politically productive, when the agried pety bourgeois takes over a political system, it drives it to annihilation, because as I've said before, cannot have solidarity with anyone, so there can never be a reached out hand that can be grased, so that means you got to fucking, you will either be destroyed or you will be the author of your own destruction, and that is a act, and that is pure in its kinetic will, and so the republican party. will destroy the economy, will destroy the world system, will put put fucking, but not product, not behind any politics that can uh, respond to that productively, my guess is that they will just give them everything, my guess is that they will give them. everything, but they will, that still won't get all of the freedom caucus people, but it will probably at the very least get like the moderates who just got in, they they have been talking about doing a discharge petition, and but even those new moderates, I don't think are are going to uh be able to vote for any anything that doesn't have cuts in it and like work requirements and other social sadism. So I can see that happening. I I still I don't think there's any deal that the Republicans in Mass would accept for the reason I'm talking about like just like the Mccarthy election to do that to just say. uh we have no plan, we have nobody else who we would back, we have no way of uh having an alternative uh leadership to mccarty, we're just going to vote no, and you could do doing that once is like a hey, a shot across the bow, like we don't like you thing, okay, but then to just keep doing it, vote after vote after vote, there is no uh, organization here, there there's nothing but the collective death drive of these fucking - lunatics and uh conartists, sociopaths, small business tyrants, they have, they just know, and again, people look at that know and they see a heroic, you know, because it's something, even though it is just this suicidal death drive, it speaks to some desire to shape one's own life, some desire to assert autonomy and the face of the onrushing history, the problem the liberals have and the left largely too, whatever the hell that means like just people self-describe as leftists is that there's this understanding that the system is such does not work, cannot work is only getting worse, but also all of the institutions that make up this system must be uphelled, must be validated. and that means must, you must be in the face of them passive, basically. I mean people are wondering like why didn't they raise the debt ceiling before the Republicans got in, they could have done it during the fucking lane duck, or they could have done it before that, and Biden said, no, that's wrong, but I i got to wonder would they have not been able to do it, like would guys like mansion have said no, on principle we can't raise it without doing something about the debt, and so they just said, ah, it wouldn't be right to cover for the impodence of the white house, so that's why people want to talk about, well biden's a what Biden wants, is Biden really a neoliberal, uh, how can he be? for work requirements now after doing the child tax uh credits earlier in administration this is incoherent that's correct because there is no preciding ideology. there is not even a plan, an evil plan, like the the democrats, the true believers will insist that there is a good plan with a good long-term agenda the democrats have. there is a mirror argument that says no, they have a bad plan that's bad for us. i the truth is that there is no plan anywhere in any of the parties, because the organs of planning have been uprooted and dissolved by the last 40 years of American politics in which money has completely overwhelmed the process and all counterveiling democratic accountability institutions have been dissolved in it. it's like oh the democrats they want to cut. entitlements, there this is, they could have, may some of them probably do, but there is no generalized goal for anybody, there's just a bunch of self-seeking freaks, the kind of empty, the kind of empty monsters who went into politics at this point in history. and like that is why one of my my single least favorite genre of political writing worse than anything uh are articles that give the democrats advice on what to do, like say like democrats need to play tough on the death ceiling negotiations or anything like that, because you are abetting a lie bigger than anything that the republicans claim to believe, whatever. you talk all day about disinformation and the monstrous lies that the the republicans feed their idiot base and the the the paranoid style, but if you're going out there acting like oh yeah there's a there is somebody who can make a decision to activate a tactical plan of action that is going to that that has something in common with like the general democratic voters agenda, economic agenda or social agenda, you're lying to the... and to the audience and yourself, and that's why I've gotten to the point where I'm not mad, I can't get mad at them anymore, because they're just they're just flesh wads, they are, they are uh, organic uh, they are organic circuit uh, connectors, like they they exist to move the electricity through. system like there has to be like bio nodes between the uh the electrical transmission, the signal, the algorithm needs meat puppets, we are the hollow men, we are the stuffed men, i think like like one of my very first kush flog back at the fuck during the during uh quarantine, i think i read that, i think i read uh, that's from the wasteland right? now that's that's sound poem, leaning together, head piece full of straw, oh god, killer of the flower moon, hey, you know what, political system is completely intractable and we're we're frozen, we have a choice of of of kinetic, self-defining action in service of a nialistic, uh or fetishize uh and moralize our paralysis and failure to act, that's your political options, but god damn it, there's a new scores, it's going to drop, trailer looked fire, very excited for it. Yeah, that's the really is the mark of a good director, do they want to make anything contemporary, and if they do, they are. either are poisoned with hubrus or just don't have that much imagination? oh man, that's a good question, will there be a good covid movie? i cannot imagine, and you see nobody wants to make one, you know? there were a few attempts to address it directly uh while it was happening and people were dealing with more of the restraints of shooting with COVID precautions, but as soon as that lifted everyone's like, we're just going to forget this happened, and I mean I'm not, I of course I try to forget too, because what what do you get from remembering, you know, like you get the satisfaction of being uh more aware of the horror that happened than everybody else, and yeah, like if you follow more close uh uh covid uh... personal covid protective regimes you're less likely to get it again if you've gotten it or for the first time, but there's no way to commiserate about it, there's no way to build a meaningful politics around it, like the only covid politics that have persisted are the the ones around uh pety bourgeois resentment, what a shock? which is why RFK for me is a non-starter, like obviously it doesn't matter and people who are still looking for a presidential primary savior, given our experience have willfully deluded themselves. but yeah, if you want to, if you want to keep people thinking about COVID, the only lens left that can socially reproduce that into like images and like concrete ideas around it. is the id rage of people who were mildly inconvenienced, all the real horror, all the lasting horror cannot be uh politically metabolized. It'll be interesting, I mean even the uh, we love to uh document our recent past, we've got the new thing where brands and events have taken over the role of ip for adult films, films for adults, rather, and there even something as relatively dry as the 2008 collapse has had several films. margin call, uh, the smartest guys in the room, uh, the big short, uh, there was a HBO movie where Jiamati played Ben burnanki, I think, I don't know if we're gonna ever get anything like that on covid, I don't know if anybody wants that, we'll see, it'll probably be a few more years for sure, well wall street isn't actually. really about uh the 08 collapse, in fact I remember Matthew Oglacius complained, he said, if you want to make a movie about the about the crisis, why would you make it about this guy who was scamming uh people on penny stocks, that's not the story of uh, that's not the story of the ho8 collaps, it's like, well, who gives a shit about that, like that's not what a guy like scrazy cares about, the the the specifics, there's the... literally every time that dicaprio starts explaining that the actual way that his scam works, he would just go like, you don't give a fuck about that, he is at like who does something like that, populates this economy, who responds to the incentives that we're making? what's gonna fail first? banks or commercial real estate? I mean, commercial real estate looks like it's in real trouble, and I don't know if the mechanisms of uh bailing it out are as well lubricated as they are for the uh banking sector. I would of course love to see a 900-year-old Clinton Eastwood make a covid movie, that would be very fun. I don't know, this might be the somebody asked about the entertainment industry now with maybe even sag uh striking, I mean I think that Sag and and WGI are right to strike now, I do think that the the AI solutions these people are imagining cannot work the way they want them to, but nobody's going to figure that out until it's they've destroyed the entire industry. like they will destroy the industry pursuing these AI fixes and then in the and then it will be just be gone uh so they do have to to stand up now but like i don't know if the studios feel like they're in a position to make any kind of deal i said i'm sorry wga not the DGA of course not directors aren't going to fucking stick their neck out for anybody come on. It's amazing though, like deskilling is the directive, is the prime directive of automation, it it's not to relieve people of labor, it is to remove uh monetizable leverage bearing skill from laboring from from the specific laborer. and it's like what's going to fill that gap, i think it's just gonna be more uh, it's just going to be, maybe a leveling up of like social media elements and like parasocial entertainments, it does feel like there still need to be like flagship entertainment productions, honestly they should be seen as loss leaders. because if we don't have entertainment we don't have anything, like that is not to get to Neil Postman about it, but the thing that all of this is designed to produce, yes, profit, obviously, that is what it's meant to produce, but like that the profit motive like made legible to human life, to to to be de to be materialized and incarnated is to be entertained, it is not like life is not uh to be is it's not a contest of will and and of overcoming obstacles and asserting one's individuality in the face of of of the world that they encounter and to have their labors uh be acts of will it is to consume yes obviously but specifically to consume stories about why this is all good and why we should be doing this and why you don't need to have - any kind of control over your life, because these stories are telling you exactly why the world is the way it needs to be, and the fact that we're seeing these loadbearing institutions uh being undermined, "this is what happens when capitalism is not uh in context of resistance from something outside of it, it will eat itself, and it will dissolve." from within its own institutions in the search for any morsel of profit in a context of declining profit margins or not corporate margin profits in in aggregate because obviously there's all-time high profit profit rates profit margins right now in all these sectors uh but uh they're just being dissolved from within. It's all getting eaten up and our uh elites can no longer invest profitably so they just consicuously consume like the we've got now a bunch of Spanish aristocrats and debatched bourgeois, the investment mechanism that's supposed to uh keep uh capitalism one step above the mel and wolf is investment which creates new advances and technology and efficiency. so who knows? who knows? it's pretty an interesting time to live, and you know what, we're all going to make sense of it. way or the other, we're all coming out the other end of this, and I think we will all end up uh in a field laughing at how uh silly it was that we ever were so scared, but that's me, I'm a cook. Bye-bye.