 take out the papers and the trash, oh you don't get no spending cash, if you don't scrub that kitchen floor, you ain't going to walk around no more, yack don't come back up your room. in that brom, get all that garbage out of side or you won't go out friday night, don't talk back, you don't clean it up your room. don't talk back break rocks in a hot songt the law and the law one i'm going to raise a fi is a haller about working all day just to try to earn a dollar, well i call my congressman and he said quotes i'd like to set be some but you're too young dev sometimes i wonder what i'm gonna do cuz there ain't no cure for the summer time blues oh my mom and you got some money if you want to the car and drive it next sunday didn't go to work told the boss i was sick well you can't use a car cause you didn't work a lick sometimes i wonder what i'm gonna do buse the rain new cube for the summer time blues. Hello, having solved the uh, audio problems, I think permanently, I think I have permanently solved the audio problems, I clicked the thing on OBS, and it seemed to have fixed it, uh, but now here I am, bereft of insight, a hollow shell of a man, a husk'. a, thank you, thank you, uh, yes a, yeah, at the end of my usefulness, I guess, anything, uh, yeah, I don't know, I don't, I just want to have a chat even though I have nothing in my head right now, it's empty, it's it's a sanded and... objectless surface, my head, it's empty, there's nothing in there, i got nothing, i have nothing in my head at all, got nothing, why is everyone talking about the stupid fucking balloon? is this seriously? is it just, are we all thinking about balloon boy? is that what's going on here? is everyone thinking about balloon boy and how much fun balloon boy was? balloon boy was maybe the first, okay? this is an interesting conjecture, was balloon boy the first social media event? because balloon boy happened in I think 2012 right, which is right around the time that social media reaches its efflorescence as a thing that people are engaged in beyond the peripheries, the fringes, the most terminally uh, computer adult, like regular people start going, oh what's this thing? oh, hey, i can, i can find out what other people are up to and swap ideas and and and give people memes, 09, okay? that's earlier than i thought, that actually is it though, that's like ground zero, that might be a little too early honestly, if it wasn't, but i think it might have been like the first social media event before you get like cuuse it takes like four years to get like the real thing, you know, it had to be after the uh, after the... crisis, the the the the uh economic 0809 crisis ended. I mean, when we we get our fake recovery. like the the reality of like permanent quantitative easing to replace any actual attempt at uh you know changing the economic structure and it's in that context of social media as we know it blows up so 09's a little early then so i guess you call it prefigurative but people sure did go crazy for that fucking balloon boy who wasn't actually in the balloon. and I believe his parents were like on a reality show too, this does raise the question then what is the first mature social media event? Somebody says it's when Kim K's butt broke the internet. I don't know, that feels too self-conscious, like they're they literally said breaks the internet in the the thing. That seems like it's a little too uh on the nose. I feel like... it would have to be a little more organic than that. i've heard that there's a uh some d-growth communism book that's like the best selling book in Japan, which is totally fitting since Japan has been doing d-growth for the last 30 years. Japan's been doing deewth since the early 90s. they even though there's still you know the pachinko parlor weird futurist country, they economy has been like... ever since the late early 90s uh abe, rip uh did some of his own uh quantitative easing style stuff, abenomics to pump the prime of the pump a little bit, but um, it's been basically flat for 30 years, so if any country is going to get on board the degrowth trend is going to be Japan, they know what that's about, I mean apparently you can go into Japan Japanese stores and like buy VHS like they have, they have analog technology for sale that people buy, yeah, the dgrowth country, cony 2012, I guess that was it, wasn't it? It's too obvious an answer, but at the same time what else are you going to pick, it's got to be the year is right, because that's the thing, 2012 is the year, that's why I wanted in my head, I wanted balloon boy to have been 2012, so I guess it was cony 2012, and Cony by the way, still out there. It's amazing, people want to make everything on Twitter to be a siop, they want social media to be this haven of siaps, all of these perfectly calibrated government interventions in the mine space to get certain outcomes, and yet none of those outcomes have actually come about, they didn't get coney, uh, we didn't send peacekeepers into the DRC, yeah we're in, we're in uh Africa in the horn and in western af in the in the... sahel, but not because of any social media push, not because of any memes, because the siap is not any discrete incident or discrete set of symbols within the social media matrix, it's the social media matrix itself, that's it, that's it, it is the illusion of forward progress, is the illusion of momentum, it is the illusion of sociality of the internet that does the work of sioping us, because it doesn't matter what our opinions are on anything, as long as we have an avenue to express them to send that energy out, and and and it is into this ether where everything is just captured and then processed by preselected. groups by as as content to be chosen or ignored by people who are looking to build a psychic world then it doesn't matter, it does, it doesn't matter at all, what our discrete opinions on anything are, it's about what are uh, what we do with those opinions, and the only thing we could do with them is what we do, what we're all doing, what I'm doing. what we i think things like 20 cony 2012 really are is just people being literally driven insane just like Q andon is by the by the illusory potential of the internet what taking the internet on its face seriously, if you take the internet on its face seriously, then yeah, it is a place where discrete ideas and movements can have. incredible revolutionary potential and pursuing that idea will drive you off a fucking cliff, the the coney 2012 guy is a perfect example, he ended up going insane on bath salts and jacking off nude and a highway in San Diego. and that's why it's just funny this or that group is gonna try, they're trying to get us to war with China, they're they're trying to normalize a new cold war or a new escalation with China, that's built in, the US will have some sort of escalating conflict with China, who knows where it reaches? it's tipping point, I mean, maybe we are able to establish some sort of uh new cold war deal that is advantageous to both sides and provides a new platform you know for a new uh uh bipolar world order, people talk about multipolarity, but nobody really wants multipolarity, because what is multipolarity, but the situation that you had in Europe in 1914. Nobody wants a genuine situation of multiple medium sized powers competing with one another on a global framework because that is global war, it has to be now two big powers, mutually assured with a mutually dessured destruction situation, that can be managed as the cold war was. I will go back to letter box if Twitter actually does end up dying, I just I don't want to, I i don't need more fucking social media in my life basically, I'm already fucked enough, I don't want to make it worse, although I did uh see plane, I saw the meme movie plane. with Gerard Butler, which uh, I got to say, uh, delightful, the kind of movie that you that they increasingly don't make, it's a solid, tight, 95-minute movie, uh, solid action scenes where you can actually see what's happening, uh, and I got to say, if they were using, if they weren't using squibs in that movie, if they were using CGI for the blood hits, then... there that's some of the best CGI blood I've yet seen in the movie, there's a couple of shots in there that it's like, I don't man, that had to have been squids and if not then i fucking bow to them for uh for busting that one out because I did not think it was possible and one of the best things about it is that it's got the coolest thing you can have in an action movie in my opinion which is a barret 50 caliber sniper rifle there's towards the end of the movie there's there these merks are unloading their gear and this one dude busts out a barret and i'm looking at it like oh oh and then sure enough a little later on just blowing guys away through like engine blocks you can't beat it it's wonderful and they let uh they let Gerard butler do the scottish accent they let him be scottish for once which I'm sure you appreciated although it's actually pretty interesting. he has like kind of a half ass scottish accent now, it's almost like trying to not do it for so long has warped it, charlie human style into this weird hybrid accent. so yeah, thumbs up for plane, very very encouraging to see that that kind of movie can still get a theatrical release, now i got to see knock at the cabin, don't spoil it. uh one of the one of the finest films of the current era, a guy named Lex G who's a locked account on twitter uh, pointed out that uh, he he kind of has a hard time distinguishing Mnight shaman from Jordan Peel, and I'm like, I read that, I'm like, thank you, because I think that those guys are very similar, and one thing that... they have in common is that neither one of them should direct their own scripts, they should be directors for hire, buse whatever the... they're trying to do with their scripts almost never comes together, but they're decent, they have decent visual styles, they have decent eyes and we really got to blame Paul Thomas Anderson and Quinton Tarantino in the 90s people forgetting it into people's head that you can't be a great director unless you write your own material, almost none of the greatest directors wrote their own stuff, very few, Spielberg doesn't write his own shit, Hitchcock didn't write his own shit. They should just find a a good young screenwriter and make their own damn movies. Ryan Johnson shouldn't do anything honestly. I mean, I've never gotten anything out of his visual style either, in addition to me finding his screen plays just uh increasing. obnoxious, i got to say, i've never liked a Ryan Johnson movie, everyone went crazy for brick and i watched it and i'm like okay yeah the their kids doing like a gangster voices what else and then i was deeply disappointed by looper which i've been very much looking forward to seeing and you know the last jedi, whatever it stinks, i'm sorry, it's not cuuse i'm a i think my uh non gamer gate uh type guy bonafides are well established by this point. It's just over long and bad, and yeah, it's the opposite of return to the jedi, which is still return to the jedi, just but if you just, if you just do the opposite of what is expected, turn to the jedi, uh, reach hash, I'm sorry, empire strikes back, if you are just doing the opposite of an empire strikes back remake, they're still remaking empire strikes back. knives out was okay, i didn't hate it, i enjoyed watching it uh, but it was fine, fine, capital, small f fine was as much as i'm gonna go with knives out, and then glass onion is just genuinely obnoxious. I have to say though uh capaganda, I like it, I there are plenty of things that are capaganda that I enjoy, something being capaganda, whatever the hell that means is not going to make me not like it, that is not going to ever make me not want to not like a movie is if it makes cops look good, if you want film if you want film in general to not make cops look good then you're looking at for the you're looking at the wrong uh uh uh artistic medium i mean cinema and and it's mutant stepchild television they they privilege action they privilege uh positions of of of command and authority. because that is where drama and narrative reside, so the figure of the police officer is going to be an incredibly fascinating one for the for the camera, and and it's going to be impossible, almost impossible to detach uh that character from some sort of sympathetic world that they're embodying and they're in in fishh in meshton. like it, it's almost like all of the attempts to critically diagnose contemporary media, end up letting contemporary media off the hook, because you really are implying when you criticize things like propaganda, you're implying that there is some sort of liberatory, non-reactionary cinema or television, when in fact no, the the the the forms themselves reaffirm. uh these structures, the thing is though is that these structures are separate from the way that these structures as imagined in narrative are separate from their social form, their social function. i would say that like law and order the law and order franchise specifically is another, it's an extra. version, it's like it's so, and the thing like those network procedurals have a more specific uh, agenda, but again. That's what you're going to see on television, there is no other version of police shows that are going to be on even streaming television, I don't think you have to condemn any form as fascist, again, what does this mean at this point in history, what does fascist mean at this point in history? when we are depoliticized, when we don't have political subjectivity that can be socially magnified when all of our political subjectivity only bleeds off leaving us to enact our zombie like adherence and abayance to capitalism's demands. I think you just need to engage with it with the understanding that none of it is going to change anything, that they are, they are the shadows on the wall that we we absorb, that it is the circuit, it's the cultural circuit that matters, not any discrete element within it, same thing with the internet. Do I have a favorite prosthesis of a historical figure? The one that I have had in my head the longest is Peter styvesson's peg leg. I've talked about this last week about how apparently the kids today don't learn about Peterson, but he's one of like 10 historical figures that I remember from uh like element. school history and social studies with his buse it was he had gold bands around the peg leg, resputon did not have a prosthetic dick, they just cut it off after he died, that's not the same thing. Tiko Brahis a tin nose is good, that is the same spicent that they named the uh stivasson houses after, yes in Manhattan, Peterk did have a glass eye as... did Sandy Duncon, Sammy Davis Jr. and Big Bill Haywood. Uh, Big Bill Haywood who was the leading figure in the IWw and the socialist party and the uh early minors unions in the west, uh, he had, he had a glass eye, and he would imply in speeches that he got it in the course of his life as a toyler, because he was a guy who had spent a life, as an actual laborer, he was not in. he used to say, i haven't read marx's capital, but i have the marks of capital all over my body, but in actuality uh, he lost his eye bause when he was a kid he was whddling a stick, and he accidentally stabbed himself with his knife in the eyeball. Gosvan Berlichen's uh iron hand also good. I mean it makes so saying uh that the piracy, the golden age piracy is happening at the same time, we don't really talk about it uh on the show uh, but we could do a whole fucking uh subsidiary uh series on how piracy forms out of this, like Caribbean, Caribbean piracy, the golden age piracy is is born out of the 17th century crisis. because that is one of the things you could do, instead of uh submit yourself to this machine of annihilation is to opt out and just uh go out and steal some shit. since you could get at least some sort of legal protection, if you could get a a letter of mark uh, and become a privateer, that meant that you could be a pirate and there could still be uh ports open to you where you wouldn't have to worry about getting strung up. does everyone does even know if the ch this balloon is chinese or they just saying it's Chinese how would you know are they tracking it? did they see it get released in China and they've been watching it come across the Pacific? does it got like a it's got like is it shaped like a dragon oh so china has apologized for it they said my bad so wait a minute it oh okay they're saying it's a weather instrument okay i mean probably would you say is that a good spy mechanism i mean i seems like it does the opposite of uh everything that espionage is supposed to do, which is primarily about doing things secretly. anyway, as you can tell, i have not been following the chinese balloon story and i just do not give a shit, i absolutely cannot care. seems like some people, like with everything else, they're hoping it's going to cause a nuclear war. they're scared of it, but they actually want it to happen, like people want all of this to fall apart one way or the other, so that they have to, they don't have to live in this agonized tension, people want finality, and I think that uh, the essence of maturity really, if there is anything to it is coming to terms with that tension and living within it and accept. uh and the uh movement towards politics and specifically radical or esoteric politics is the attempt to push beyond that is an attempt to try to find some psychic escape from the ambiguous tension of... just like living at the in the thrall of forces beyond your control, but I think we're finding now, in the aftermath of 2020 and everything else, and certainly the aftermath of the 2022 mid-terms, at least for me a realization that the pool of people who are drawn to the political. I think a number of people are going to realize that what they really want, especially the people who have decided to become reactionary radicals, they're going to find that the system as is is going to give them what they want, like the performance of politics is. to distance himself from the full implications of what that is, because it's also going to give them everything they don't want, but those two things are inextricably linked, the nightmare and the uh the fantasy of annihilation, the nightmare being being dominated by the other in one form or another, and the fantasy of dominating the other are both contain within. uh capitalist's death spiral, capitalism's death spiral. i have not seen family guy in 20 years probably. Yeah, so the jobs report came out and it's 500,00 jobs, I don't know, man, you got, you got the uh federal reserve just mashing the recession button is crazyly as it can, because that's the only only lever it has to do anything about inflation, but inflation does seem to be coming down anyway, even though jobs have not come down yet, like employment hasn't come down. don't feel like anybody knows what the fuck is going on and the least of all me, i mean i've been sitting over here like cringing waiting for a huge 2008 style economic crash to happen for like the last six months and it's nowhere in sight so this is all and and of course my my waiting for that was part of that very same fear s desire for a paradigm rupturing event, and what I'm trying to come to terms with is that I, maybe that'll happen, but I cannot uh, I cannot continue to assume it's going to happen, or or sit in kind of paralyzed expectation, I i just have to keep moving forward. I mean the thing is is of course we are in the middle of a paralyzing rupturing uh paradigm rupturing event, the problem is is that you don't get a new paradigm until later and nobody is going to be able to recognize the paradigm shift until it has already occurred, so we're sort of cursed to live through a breach without getting any of the catharsis that live. through a breach is in our minds that we imagine we would be able to uh uh enjoy the the compensation for the uh the tumeltuous and agonizing times so i am just trying to live and right now that means uh trying to find a new project now that the hell of president is largely done, we have we have to do the interviews for the uh aux auxiliary episodes, we're going to be doing those in the next month, those will come out at the end of the series, which I'm very glad we're doing, because I know, I know that this people are listening to the pods, I'm sure there's stuff that they're like, wait a minute, you know, I would, what about this, and what about like stuff that that we don't really have time to go through, and I'm hoping that the... uh episodes will the auxiliary episodes will filling those gaps. I the menu was okay, it needed to be more perverse in my opinion, it needed to go, it needed to get more sick, it needed to go more sicco mode, it's it's in that that neither fish nor foul uh genre slash like issues moving. limbo, uh, someone says, can you talk more about the Italian wars? we're going to be talking to the war nerd about the Italian wars and the entire military revolution. in one of the subsidiary episodes, so there you go, uh, somebody asked about parasite, I don't know if I've said this before, but I saw parasite in the theater after everyone was creaming themselves, and I was like, what, this is, this is just another overlong korean movie that I don't really like that much, it was okay, once upon a time in Hollywood was robbed at the Oscars that year, there's an AI youtuber, a vtuber, whatever the fuck? of course there is, i didn't know that, but of course, what do they do, what do they talk about? everyone talks about the nice guys and i wish i love the nice guys, it's just every scene feels like it's almost getting to a point of being really good and then it just doesn't do it, so it uses the chat thing to reply to chat messages and then just plays a video game with AI, that's awesome. what does it look like? what is the like what's the fake? is it is it? does it look like max's headroom? does it look like a human? does it have a bunch of fingers? it looks like an anime girl. what a shot. the scene where Ryan Gosling punches the window and cuts his hand cuts his thing and has to go to the hospital. that's very good, that's my favorite part. Yeah, I think of that the same way I think of uh inherent vice, which is another movie where I'm like all the way on the film side, I'm leaning forward, I'm waiting for that click and then it just doesn't come, and I know that with Inherent Vice that's like the point, but okay, it's it's not working for me. people were posting the babylon ending montage and i in context, i don't know, in context it wasn't bad, watching in the theater, i kind of liked it, because it is the movie is about you know the death of cinema, so it makes sense that it does, gives you this dmt uh uh look back at this thing and then you know the the collapse into uh unstructured sight and sound under the silver lake is great wonderful film uh definitely uh one of the top movies to watch if you want to understand the uh crisis of masculinity in the post 2009 uh world, the the uh the everybody who's decided to become a fucking uh conspiracy researcher on the internet is perfectly represented in this movie. I got to say that... the fact that babylon like was a big bomb really does put the button on the entire thing, it's a little ribbon. so this is interesting, somebody says, what's good about Tarantino, and I understand the case against him, uh, but I think the reason that he is not what his critics say is is because yes, vapid child brain regurgitating a lifetime of uh of consuming pop culture, crap, absolutely, but his formal rigor, like the way that he he he he conceives of, shoot scenes, paces his film. is like a counterpoint to the content in every way, like it's it's this and it's that contrast between this yeah juvenile baby brain pop culture addicted uh creative toolbox uh in a container of like very... rigorous uh and non-indulgent for the most part like there's a couple scenes where he just like let's rip but he does not give you the sort of easy indulgent catharsis that the cinema that he's riffing on is based on and that that is an interesting counterplay and and the the contrast between those things makes his movies interesting to watch. like take and glorious bastard for example, which I think is up there with his best films, maybe his best movie, uh, he's riffing on these, you know, world war I men-on a mission movies like the dirty dozen and uh, and the original Italian and glorious bastards and where eagles dare and guns and avarone and all that stuff, and it doesn't have any of the shit that those movies had, it does, it has almost none of these setpiece. uh uh action moments and beats that those movies had, half the movie is spent with this uh jewish french broad running a fucking uh um movie theater so yes it's like it's it's pestiche but it is caraled within this like weirdly because the thing is he's he didn't just watch all the crap he also watched a lot of good movies a lot of you know artist. films and so there's like this conscious and subconscious working together to produce this thing that is at the very least just narcotically entertaining, but i think the reason glorious bastard is is one of my favorites of his, is because it does move beyond pestiche to self awareness to look back on like the the psychic implications of of film viewership, collective, specifically theatrical collective film experience, and its contribution to you, the creation of uh national and political narratives, that's actually very interesting, so is did he just say this thing, he said he's going to do a john brown biopic, he says uh, he said he's going to do million things, he said he was going to do a a star trek movie, i'll believe it when i see it, and yes, he does, he does the same thing, thank you, he does the same thing with inglorious bastards, uh, he does the same thing in once upon a once upon a time in hollywood uh talking about like you know the the uh the American dream factory which is not coincidentally part of why that is another one of his very best films. It's very fun, god Tarentino doing a John Brown movie, that's so funny, just the reason it's the reason i can't get mad at it is again, you got this white kid who grew up with black culture, fetishizing it the way that uh, the way that generations of young white men did, uh, and then that fetishization turning into this you know desire to... affirm uh solidarity uh with uh black people in a way that only John Brown in American history really does embody so of course you're gonna make the John brown movie where he's a bad ass killing on behalf of uh black people which he already really rift on and django unchange with the unchained with the character of uh of uh Dr. King hilariously named Dr. King Schultz. but I thought that Jango, which I also like, I like all of his movies, uh, is interesting because again, he gets a little beyond this the wish fulfillment and the pestiche and a little reflective, because in that movie, you've got the situation, spoiler alert, but you should have seen it by now, uh, they go to the plantation to try to trick candy into giving over. uh jango's wife and they they figure him out and they force him to sign to pay like full pr full freight for her, but they have the money so they're going to make the deal, and then he's like, you got to shake my hand, uh, Leonardo Decaprio is like, you got to shake my hand, and he goes to shake his hand, and of course he does the the gun, boom, blows him away, and then he just turns to Jango and he goes, I'm sorry, I couldn't resist before getting killed, and then you know, Jango's got to kill all those guys and he's got to escape from the Australians including hilariously quinton Tarantino, go back and save his wife, uh, and that all happens just because Dr. King Schultz is too self centered. too conceited, too fixated on affirming his superiority to the other white people around him that he fucks up this chance to save this guy's wife, he he condemns them in effect to death out of a selfish need to be better than other white people, if he was really going to be an ally, he would have just taken it on the chin, shook the guy's hand and gotten out of there. so that makes me interesting to see how he would take something that reads much more as just pure indulgence like a John brown biopec and complicates it, i mean i would i'm i'm not gna not watch it that would never happen uh michael shanon by the way if you if you got casting ideas quinton and you you don't listen to this but if anyone knows him get Michael Shannon as John Brown please, and it's not just because you know he's a stentorian bad ass, it's because he has played people with like a uh non-send. degrees of certainty about their world, like have anyone seen bug, little uh William Friedkin movie based on a Tracy Let's play, take shelter is another good example, because if you do to do John brown well, you don't make him just a righteous uh, you know, font of virtue, you don't just make them a rave. maniac you have to uh convey that he genuinely was insane, like if if if that given what we understand historically, what does it mean to be insane, what is insanity? uh, he was, and that he was living in another world than everyone else around him, but the world he was living in is one that accords. to deeper truths than were applicable or or understandable at the time. If I if I want to do a thing about John Brown, it would not be about John Brown specifically, it would be a part of some old history uh uh uh uh, I honestly don't think it would be straightheart old history, it would have to be all like an old history premise. like threaded through something else uh where John brown uh hooks up with Carl Marx after he moves to Texas which is something that he was very much considering doing in the 1840s, but if you're going to do a straight John brown thing, instead of doing a biopic, which is bad uh, I think you do. a a key-hole segment in the life, i feel like that is the best way to to convey any kind of story about historical figures, it's not to do any kind of long-range biop, it's a incident or like a a constrained era within someone's life, and i think that for John brown, i think i might end it. with the asawamy massacre, which is really when he decides to take uh, take the plunge into like violent opposition to slavery, which before, he had not really done, although man, it wouldn't also be something to do with a movie that was just about Kansas, because there's some wild shit in there, like he's getting into these massive shootouts with uh, like huge detachments of of uh pro- slavery militiamen to the point where he just can show up on a battlefield, show up in a conflict and the other side will literally just run away, but you know that's indulgent power, that's intelligent fantasy for a liberal contemporary audience, they get to watch that and be like, that's me, it is wild how few things there are about uh bleeding cansas in popular culture. the only really thing, the only real thing about uh about the Harper's fairy raid is the movie the Santa Fe trail which is from the 50s where John brown's the bad guy and Aronl Flynn and Ronald Reagan play George Custer and George Picket, I think the John the and the the um... the Ethan Hawk show, I've said before, I really did not like, it got a little better as it went along, but it the whole tone was wrong, and Hawk's performance was uh, kind of embarrassing, it it was, it was far too self-aware of its moment and and it had to, it was compelled. to make him into a kind of a funny crazy person, like humorously crazy uh, because you have to diffuse that uh religious element that the popular contemporary audience can't process, and I honestly think that would be the most interesting thing about a Tarantino John Brown movie, how would he handle the religiosity? I haven't seen clears 3 yet, I should, I've I've seen two men uh Kevin Smith movies, I was born at exactly the right period to get Kevin Smith full in the face, so I saw clerks to for example, I I I tapped out a while ago, but it's way too many to have seen, and I should definitely see clerics 3, even though I'm sure it's terrible, that that uh, Bob rebooted thing was unwatchable. "everybody has a heart attack in the movie, well right what you know, didn't he have like a massive heart attack and almost die, the thing is is that Kevin Smith was ruined like many artists are by success, like his, he got successful by writing his life, which is being a fucking uh casheer type loser in uh in New Jersey, but once you're in Hollywood, you got to write other stuff, and he didn't know anything about that. I mean, you don't have to be ruined by that experience if you challenge yourself, and I think that Kevin Smith did challenge himself, if you see the movies he made after he got big, he's trying different forms, different ideas, he's getting ambitious, like dogma, even though it's pretty dumb, is like this ambitious attempt to cap to chall to uh, tackle religious questions, uh, he made that jersey girl, like he tried to make like... a a studio romantic comedy type thing uh and they were uh mostly bad and people told him they sucked and he decided well fine fuck you i'll just play with my toys like you hit you hit your point you hit your sweets you hit your limit of talent and then you have to deal with it and i got to say just deciding to have make fuck movies with your friends you know it doesn't matter that they're bad if you're having a good time and your dwindling audience still. them, there's worse things to do with your time. I mean he never learned a direct is the thing, he never learned how to actually move a camera around, and that's what he should have been focusing more on than the content. I was only in San Francisco for like a day, I i i did not have time to to hang around, sadly, it is, it is probably the prettiest American city and it's layout, I don't how you beat that, the hills next to the bay, that's really hard to beat, but you know, filled with a texcom. Seattle, I've been to Seattle, Seattle's very pretty, you got the sound, but I don't know, man, those hills, like I, I was just, I was in a, I was in a cab driving downtown and just just driving into the city, you've got all the stuff, the hills man, come on, I like, one thing I enjoy in a city and... and uh you get them more on the west coast than anywhere else is - is a uh vertical geography, la has that too to an extent. Vancouver is very pretty. like you can't east west coast cities just as as natural environments are i don't know no one can compare compared to them in my opinion in in the continent i do think la is actually very pretty because of that because the fact that you see fucking hills you see you see in uh a a geographic assertion and then people build around. Ugliest city, that's a good question, I haven't obviously been to everyone, I've been to a good number of cities though, I mean Indianapolis is hard to argue for just like the state of Indiana, Detroit is part, there's too much pathos in Detroit for it to be ugly honestly, like as as it is, it's it's uh, it stirs the heart in a way, I've never been to Jacksonville, I've heard it's hell on earth, uh, I haven't been to phoenix either, which is another one that makes me feel like uh, it would be an absolute nightmare, Philadelphia is pretty ugly, now that I think about it, of east coast cities, Baltimore too. I don't, I like Cleveland, I have a sause part for Cleveland, Cleveland's like Milwakee, like those pure strain rust belt cities speak to me, especially anything that's on Lake Michigan, if you have the lake, you have a something going for you. if you got the fucking lake there, you have a a timeless horizon, pittsburg is beautiful, love pitsburg, and you want to talk about a physical geography, those two fucking slopes coming down to the peninsula between the three rivers, get out of here. I like Las Vegas, but you cannot it is an eye sore, like it is genuinely offensive and abrasive to look at, but the one thing that. is good about it is that there are uh nearby hills and like small mountain ranges near it which i really do enjoy because that is like the uh the glow that's the the the the clock the clock of the earth like just ticking just you know reminding you of your of of the short time that a abomination like las vegas could possibly exist on the earth it's like when uh when they would do a a uh um when they would do a triumph in in ancient rome and some guy would come back from you know defeating the gals and they they'd have the big parade uh through the city and he'd be riding his chariot he'd have a slave sitting standing next to him uh just to tell him and say in his ear you are mortal you're mortal and uh in Las Vegas those fucking hills that you can see from the street are are that voice like this is not gonna last, Chicago, once again, you got Lake Michigan, you got a lot there, if you got Lake Michigan, it's got some nice neighborhoods. but I don't know, I'll always have some, I'll never be able to fully embrace anything about Illinoi being from Wisconsin, even though it's dumb and tribal, the the mid-west is the American Balkans, you know, so we take that shit seriously, we've talked about that on the stream before. Yes, Chicago is Dubrovnik, correct? I think we tried to go through this before, I can't really get it to map out, but all I know is that Ohio is Serbia, the rest of it I don't know. I do want to come to Toronto. I've only been to Vancouver and Canada, I want to, we want to do a Canadian tour and I think we will try to do that this coming year, 2023. We'll see, I want to go to, I definitely want to go to quebec, want to go to my... want to go, I want to even see the prairies, I want to see the the hell, the hell dimension of Canada, Arkansas is not the mid-west, Arkansas is a southern state, what are you talking about, Missouri isn't even the midwest, get out of here, oh I've played geogser, I am no good. at it, I don't know any of the tricks that make people like Michael Hudson good at it. Ah, some of. says which Ohio City is Belgrade, Columbus, the capital, because it's buse Belgrade is uh notoriously ugly, and Columbus is the least visually enticing city uh of the big three C cities in Ohio, Cleveland and Cincinnati are both much more uh, much better looking than than Columbus. Missouri St. has like an exemption, st louis is like uh, it's like kaliningrad, like that's part of Russia, but it's not connected to Russia, and it's surrounded by Lithuania or whatever. St. Louis is the midwest, but the rest of Missouri, I'm sorry, it's a border state, no state that had slavery in 1860 can be in the midwest, I'm sorry. Canada is to America, what Scotland was to the English Empire, and not a coincidence, a huge percentage of the anglosetlers in Canada are Canadian, I always think it's funny, just look at the cast of the of uh kids in the hall, you've got a Mckinny, a McDonald and a McColl. They got the Scots. America got the Irish, basically, because the Irish wanted to get the fuck out of the United Kingdom and its dominion. Well the Irish ended up in New England, that's a east to west type situation. "the French are indeed the Irish of Canada, but they got their own area, which is interesting, whereas the Irish sort of had to uh share power, they weren't able to create, they were they were able to create like parallel institutions as opposed to just like dominate cultural institutions, if they'd like turned Boston into like a Quebec type deal, that's interesting, would there have been like a quiet revolution in the 60s? I guess we had a quiet revolution, it was the fucking it was forced bussing. I do marvel at any of the separatist movements in in the western countries at this point, like Quebec, Scott. Catalonia, even Irish unification, what are you getting out of it, there's only one authority, and it's transnational. I mean Ireland really did just you know give sovereignty from London to Brussels by joining the EU the way they did, and now they're just a fucking uh parking lot for American finance uh tech capital. i don't unless your plan for uh independence is like cambodian style uh autarchy like yeah we're gonna we're going to be in independent catalonia and also we're gna make all of our own stuff and we're not going to depend on any fucking exports or imports and we're going to use our own uh our own system of like coupons and ration books and we're going to be a collective social enterprise all right go for it good luck i wish you well but if you're just going to be like i'm we're independent but we're also still depending on the same capital flows that we always have then what the fuck are you getting what are you getting out of it in the case of cat It's literally I don't have to pay taxes for those lazy galasians anymore. like in that respect the only like really uh the only separatist movements that have any juice are the ones where like they're gonna you know impose like a q imperium like wexit or like eastern Washington or something like that is that's is a uh, that's national suicide, like that's that is taking the bull by the horns, because really all we're seeing now in this play between right and left on the international stage and in the national politics is two, two groups of people, no it's some level that we are circling a drain towards anniholation, what not that we're all going to die, not that humanity is going to die out, but that are under standing of what it is to be human will be annihilated, and the liberal left wants to deny that, wants to assert some fantasy of escape from it, and enact a politics that attempts to escape from it, but what's this only actually reinforces it? it must and then you have this extraction uh petro capitalism, this the fixed regimes of capital all around the world which are claiming instead ownership over anniholation and finding through the conscious drive towards anniholation meaning and that... is a thing that they have over the lever left and that will help them, i mean it doesn't the thing that must be stressed is that this contest who's going to win is functually meaningless, because it cannot be won by either side, and it is the fighting of it that turns the screw of history into the ground, but in terms of recruiting people into it, the advantage that the right formation has is it does offer a genuine fantasy of cathartic apotheos within politics, whereas the left liberal vision insists on denial and sublimation of what we really know, of our real feelings and the continued enacting of a fantasy politics that requires a certain... set of speech and a certain set of uh of virtue ethics that are meant to meant to drive us towards a expanded vision of humanity, but in reality just end up uh acting as uh weapons that we wield against each other and ourselves due to our deep self-loathing and our inability to detach uh from enacting our own destruction. the right alternative though, the irrationalist push says, no, through the process of accepting all of our basist darkesters and turning them into virtues and willing ourselves towards describing an annihilation as... our goal, even if we're going to be blown up by the same impersonal forces of history that are going to chew us up regardless of who's in power as it trades back and forth, are engagement in politics is genuinely cathortic, genuinely liberatory, in a way that the left, liberal left can't be. but both of them assume at base that the current order is doomed and uh inextrickable. doomed and fixed, and the challenge is to resist the despair and self-loathing on the one hand, or the uh, the cathartic nialism on the other, and insist on denying yourself those, those uh packet. of psychic energy and instead coming to terms with the impossibility of politics at the current moment and the necessity of uh any real politics meaning a break, a break with uh consent, the the the giving over of consent. resistance basically, like real resistance, and that is the thing that all above ground politics assumes as impossible is meaningful resistance, because that means meaningful danger, and no conscious politics can absorb can process that, because everyone who is into politics is in it for pleasure, individual pleasure, the despair of the... history, the despair of the end of politics, because there's nothing inextrickable and and and inevitable about what exists, if people stopped consenting, if they resisted, I mean that sounds vacuously. uh uh obvious and yes it is, but it's also a reality that cannot be touched by given uh political language, and that is why real politics is occurring right now, it is occurring outside of politics as we recognize it. I mean, I say this mostly to myself to prevent, to talk myself out of indulging. in the uh the orb pondering and and surrendering to the uh a a discursive structure within politics that to invest in which I did was for a long time and and now I'm kind of like like this is basically like methadone for me. I should get a cabinet of curiosities like Old Rudolph II. I got a few things but they're not that interesting like my cabinet of curiosities is like this guy. There we go, yes, I have a funko pop, no, I did not buy it, Chris got this for me because he knows that I enjoy muncher as a as a meme and as a character, this is Munchher, so I don't have unicorn horns, I don't have, I don't have grimoirs with like. the the devil's home address in it, all that kind of cool stuff. uh, this was a gift from uh, from my wife, because uh, when i was a kid, uh, the california raisons were big and they released uh, in at Hardy's, that's what carl. Jr. is called uh east of the Mississippi, they had a promotion where you get one of these guys with your meal and I uh at that time I was in elementary school. i was playing the saxophone in band, i was very bad at it, i couldn't read uh sheet music and so i ended up quitting uh, because i'm dumb, but i really wanted this guy, i wanted the saxophone playing raison uh, and i kept bugging my parents to take me to hardies, and one day they finally did it, and i was so excited that i have one of those, you know, i only have a few like really embedded memories of being a kid, a little kid. but one of them is me in line at the hardies doing a little saxophone like in my hand like a like air saxophone like moving my legs because i was so excited about getting this goddamn california raison and then we get there to the counter we order the food and they say can we get a raising like nope that's only for breakfast who's going to hardies for breakfast so i never got it i never got it. I told that story to Amber and then she got me this guy so this is my this is this is what I have instead of all that cool shit Rudolph had I should meet some alchemists though I should I should find some alchemhymists they've got to be some I'm in I'm in uh I'm in California after all there's got to be call some alchemist. around here, somebody brewing a big pot of piss, i just it can't be anything having to do with computers, no one is being liberated by computers, there is no techno horizon of salvation for the human race, that is, that is a chimera, that is a fantasy, that is, that is, that is a literal trap uh set by the devil, technology must be suborned, it cannot be unleashed, i mean it's already unleashed, anybody saying like, oh we need to unleash it more, they don't understand, it's as unleashed as get because we are at the stage where if a thing can be thought of it will be and it will be invented and it will be then applied, we are at the mercy of technology, it does not, we do not get to decide, we we have we have an algorithmically generated social structure right now, and it is a question whether any human formation. can truly master technology to a human purpose, i mean that we can is the dream of humanism, it's the dream of you, the the entire human tradition, and a lot of those right-wingers, the esoteric ones specifically, the neoreactionary types, their starting premise is that they can't, that can't happen that that we are and always will be in slave to our technology, and so we should then embrace it rather than try to deny it, but that is a surrender that I don't think needs to be made, I i think it is, it is a a failure of of the uh of the imagination and the heart, it is, it is failing the test that we are all put to to live on while living... on this earth, and I do think that there is some degree to which our lives on earth are are a trial, but I do not think it is to test our worthiness to ascend to heaven or whatever, all of our inputs are building a knowledge that is applied elsewhere, another place, another time, and so the... judgement that we think adheres to our actions, is not applicable, it doesn't stick, so I think we are all saved at the end of the day, but that very fact, the fact that we are all saved is exactly what gives us the necessity of of acting uh for the good. someone wants to save means i don't really know. uh, it's just a feeling that I have. I don't, I think that it is not a individual experience, it is just a phenomenon, a general phenomenon of uh recognition and reconciliation, the form of which I could not even begin to imagine. All right, talk next week. Peace.