 mustang selling, guess you better slow all that mustang down, mustang sa b, get your slow, you must st, you've been running all over the town, oh you get to put black feet on the ground, bought me a brand new mustang, 1965, now you come around woman and you don't want to let me ride must no baby, all right, yes you better slow the must down now. I'm going to be wiping your weaping. Yeah, I'll take a request. uh, I don't know every song, but if I do know a song, I'll built it out. How's everybody doing? It's a beautiful day here in Los Angeles, finally, after a lot of rain, maybe it'll stay that way, who knows, either way, I'll be here. America, the beautiful, god. spread her legs for me, I mostly don't know wrap, thank you very much, still winter in Europe, well, I know it was like the the mildest winter ever, right, that's why. got owned because he was expecting everybody to start eating each other because of uh heating costs, but then it was too nice out and nobody had to pay uh to prevent freezing to death. i finished the second book of the three-body trilogy, i finished number two and uh it definitely does uh get wild the... they start going telescoping out the time frame and you're 200 mile 200 years into the future and it's fun, i still don't really, i don't know, it still isn't hitting for me, i'll read the third one now, i'm committed, but uh, it's just it ain't hitten, and i mean maybe part of that is that i just fundamentally disagree with the thesis about uh aliens and the... the underlying assumption about other uh species that might exist in the galaxy somewhere. i love okay yes uh the Vatican has disowned the doctrine of discovery uh yes huge huge deal. i'm sure all those countries are going to be given back now because the pope doesn't say you can do it anymore. it's been a while since the pope had any... uh had any divisions or any ability to even uh be a broker between secular authorities. yeah, the pope should uh, should do something really wacky, although he might be out of time, he might be uh, he might be done for, in which case we could get my favorite thing, which is a papal election, don't get better than the papal elections, and there's been so frustratingly few in my lifetime, in the middle ages, you get a papel election every two weeks, because um, rome was essentially a malarial. swamp and anybody who got elected pope who didn't live in Rome, as soon as they made the trip to Rome, they risked getting sick, getting. area and dying and so it was the popees the popes did not last long, we get to i get to show up like almost at the same time as this motherfucker who was poped forever John Paul and if it wasn't for fucking ratsinger uh uh just pulling the plug, pulling the shoot, it wouldn't even have had uh we would have only had one election and it would have been just now after he what just died? and where another interesting thing is that I think we're on we were before John Paul II, I think we were on something like a 400 year long string of Italian popes, like I think once the avegon papers collapsed it was just Italian popes, and then I have not had an Italian pope my entire life. the closest thing is is Francis buse he's uh argentinian which means he's basically italian but still you know not technically from there and I don't think we we might never get another Italian pope depending on you know how they want to try to keep the the papacy relevant keeping waiting for the African pope. which that will be awesome, you had young pope, you had new pope, we need black pope, i think there's a guy in Gana, maybe Robert Sarah, he's like a ratsinger reactionary guy, the he always ends up being on the on the lists when they're talking about popes, but you can't beat the pagetry of it because you get the lists of all the potential papel uh candidates, you can't you know uh, you can handicap them and figure out who's who's got the likelihood, and then of course the wonderful smoke, the smoke billowing out of the chimney as they vote, uh, it's lovely, it's a lovely tradition, and I've seen frustratingly few, so maybe Francis will kick off and we'll get another one, Indonesian pope, Filipino pope. We need some sort of wacky pope, yeah, muslim pope, how about that? uh, Mel Gibson, make him the pope, you don't have to be uh an ordained clergyman to be pope, the same way that you do not have to be an a lawyer to be a Supreme Court justice. though and the last time that we've had one, i believe was hugo black was the last supreme court justice to have not been a lawyer, but i don't think we've ever had a non-ordained pope too bad, and yes you do not have to be a representative to be speaker of the house, which frustratingly has never been taken advantage of, i hope maybe as gridlock continues, as that job becomes less and less appealing for people in Congress, I'm hoping that uh farming that job out to gimmit candidates becomes more popular. Yeah, people talk about making Trump speaker, he would not want that job because it's work and he doesn't like doing work, but uh, it's pop. It's certainly something that I'm kind of annoyed has not been brought broached more because it's absolutely legal, it's all perfectly legal. Robert Sarah, that's his, that's his name, he's uh, he's a cardinal from. they always talk about him being uh maybe pope, but then it doesn't happen, we could definitely use an a good anti-pope, i think all these satifatic dorks should stop complaining and fucking set up a goddamn avenue on papacy somewhere like brands in Missouri. Yeah, no, it wouldn't be Brooklyn, it would have to be uh, it would have to be in Dimes Square, right? The pope, the pope's uh, the Vatican. would be in like that poppies on canal straight or something, popies, i don't, i feel like it's time to pull the plug. Christianity washed. If you want to believe in a monotheistic God, if you want to believe in the Abrahamhamic conception of a god, an intervening, all-powerful, embodied uh reflection of humanity that you feel a a spiritual and social connection to, then just be a Muslim. It's the perfection, it's the perfection of Christianity, it is. is uh, it is monotheism fully uprooted from its pre-christian tribal roots, like all the stuff that makes christianity so baffling, the fucking trinity, god Jesus is man, is is both, is is man and his god, all that confusing shit, that they by the way, people say oh, it's that's not that confusing, the first, as soon as when christianity was a was made a... established religion of the Roman empire, the next what hundred years of the church is just people fighting about the nature of Christ, there is nothing intuitive of about any of that, it is very, very weird, and it's because you have uh Christ emboding this specific historical, cultural uh role of Messiah. which really does complicate the notion of of monotheism, but then a couple hundred years later, out the desert, in the margins of the big empires, where the people who don't want to be a subject of the sassanids or of the Byzantines, are living in tribal existence out in the in the in the desert, surviving on trade and piracy. Muhammad comes up and like, hey, we figured this out, we squared the circle here, I am talking to God, but that's it, I'm just a guy, just the regular guy god decided to talk to. And I have contended that that the messayonic heart of Christianity was continued by in Europe uh was continued by the socialist movement, but that has ended, as I said a few weeks ago, the battle of Armagedden was fought. all over the world and lost, now we have this uh, this worship of the south in the west, uh, that's it, whereas uh, christian, yes, Joseph Smith did islamify protestantism, that has been pointed out many times, Harold Bloom wrote a whole book about how uh, mormanism is is American Islam, and that is very true, the whole the prophetic tradition. because uh, you have saints in Christianity, obviously, but what you don't have after Jesus is anyone who can be the prophet, a prophet, uh, whereas by allowing Muhammad, to be a man among men in contact with God, you've opened up the the the fluits. and allowed in the in the chimney, and that's what Joseph Smith did for Christianity in America, because they needed to avoid uh becoming subjects, they needed to avoid the encroaching uh extinguishment of the American promise that... justified all that had been done on the American continent, all the violence, all the misery of of dominating and settling that land was to ' allow for the creation of uh fully autonomous social beings, to live in a way that was impossible in old Europe, but around the time that Smith has his revelation and a bunch of other people are having revelations in the same place, upstate New York, the frontier is closing, now obviously America's... still has this huge frontier, but it is for the most adventurous, it's for the boldest, it's for the craziest, it's for the scotch irish, people who are willing to risk fighting Indians all day to keep their land, but like say the but the states, the former colonies are no longer in play, they're no longer um, there's no longer any promise within them of. continued escape from a degraded social relation, like New York, for example, a lot of that upstate land was dominated by the old Dutch families who had settled there before the revolution, they became known as the patroons, cool name, and then a lot of other upstate land was given as reward to military veterans. of the revolution, and some uh, some veterans made that land their home, they became successful farmers, uh, but a lot of people ended up having to sell their land to the local land owner, who was able to uh, outcompete them. due to economies of scale and you see this internal migration first from New England of those who can't make it there to upstate New York to try to grab some of that land in the last little burst of it after the revolution and then it is exactly in the 1820s when the iri canal has created this commercial corridor through the heart of agricultural new york and the possibility of holding your own now that their dream of territorial paradise has been denied them, oh no, we're not all going to get to live on our own perfect little plots and and work on our own terms and interact with the market. terms, we are going to be thrust into commercial relationships that are going to strip us of all of that, all that allows us to feel unalienated. nose is all itchy today, and it's not because i did cocaine, okay, i don't do that, thank you, uh, i just have some, i don't know, it's dry. now that stop raining, i don't know, but the oman dream, which is heaven on earth, which is the paradise promised, is is going away, so you have to find it elsewhere, and so you have the seventh day adventists emerge out of the millerite movement, got the mormons, you got a bunch of things exploding all the same time and place, and the political expression of that is the anti-masonic party. because you've got everybody searching for uh a new way to find heaven, a new way to find um paradise, looking to grab Christ's hand, because the old ways aren't working anymore, because the material basis for them has been dissolved, but there is also the desire for a uh political solution to this problem, maybe the... is a way for us to reclaim our patrimony through the political process, we do live in a democracy, don't we? and yet someone in upstate New York looks around in the 1820s and they see uh only political all political organizations dedicated to dispossessing them in the name of the banks. so where? How can we solve this? how can we fix this? if both parties uh, which at this point is really just the dissolving uh corpus of the old? Democratic Republican Party, you have the jacksonians emerging around this new democratic party, which is been created, which is being created in the backrooms by Martin van Buren, part of the same process, uh, and there's really no other organized opposition to the democracy, now Jackson's promise is enough for many young in other parts of the country, but in New York specifically. where for example, the canal and associated internal improvements, which jacksonian democracy is finds holds in anathema, are crucial to the economy, uh, jacksonianism is not as appealing, but there's no alternative, so how can we organize our opposition to the current existence, around a paranoid narrative, that there are these people in government, the masons. who are conspiring to rob us of our liberty, and they're aided in that by a sensational true crime case that occurs around this time when this guy William Morgan who had been an upstate New York Freemason had left and was going around claiming that he was going to write a book about it and exposed the masons and all their secrets, he was arrested for fraud on an unrelated charge and he was in a county jail when a couple of guys came. and sprung him out and he and disappeared with him, and his body was later discovered in a river, and this caused a huge sensation in the press, the the the masons had murdered this guy, as part of their cabalistic desire to protect their secrets, and it led to this uh political movement in opposition to the current. consensus, and a lot of the people who arise in anti-masonic politics end up becoming very important wigs when the wig party does finally coaless to oppose jacksonianism over the course of its term. guys like miller philmore and Thurlo Weed who later becomes one of the founders of the Republican Party. they start off as animations, not necessarily because they believe this shit, but because they see it as a road to power and influence. now a little bit before this, at this in the same context though, you have Martin van Buren, who is Martin van Beeren? he is the son of a tavern keeper who lives on, rents property from one of these dutch patroones, so you have a downwardly mobile. Dutch family, they they've got a little bit of something, but it's certainly not uh, it's not the established landholding that will keep you away from uh being dominated by commerce, uh, but it is, it's a holding action, the they don't own, they're renters, and they got to fucking draw pints for people to stay above uh water, Martin van Bueren, coming up in this environment is like, fuck this, he does what you could do back then, which is just read a bunch of law books, doesn't go to uh uh school or nothing, just like Lincoln, actually uh, then becomes a apprentice at a law firm, becomes a lawyer and then becomes a politician, and what he does is he realizes power can be had in New York for people like me, people who are not of the massive landed pow landed families, if I can organiz the other guys who are like me around a program by using nothing more complicated than the technology of writing a fucking letter it's it's committees of correspondents just writing to other legislators and saying hey do you like me check yes check no do you want to do do you want to vote the same way on things and of course this is a violation of the principles of government as set down by the founding fathers the... of democracy according to the founders was men of principle and standing come together and make uh choices that are for the best according to their understanding of that said how about we all vote the same way that will advance our collective interest a party if you will and seal connections not through just ideology, although there's part of that, but through patronage, make it in people's best self-interest to go along, with our line and to vote our way and to have their friends and family vote our way and it and but vampieren sees that the route to power given the broken uh retreat to provincialism that occurred after the era of good feeling and the Democratic Republican Party starts to break down under Madison or under Monroe is uh an alliance between these commercial New Yorkers and the Virginia Planter Aristocracy, because they had a shared hostility to the big merchant interests of the northern states, because these guys, the vampiran boys were not of that uh class, they were of the arevist insurgent middle, so they could ally with the... old aristocracy in Virginia, of course guys like Van Buren in Virginia uh were very hostile to those interests and ended up becoming wigs, but that's not Van Buren's problem, he creates a coalition uh that works both ways, and so among the most successful, uh, maybe charismatic, maybe hustling, I don't know, whatever word you want. use, among those people in New York, you have this, there's still a political uh prize to be grabbed, and then for voters, there is the dream of uh some sort of cleansing anti-masonic fire, and then among the the commoner folk, there is the dream of imminent apocalypse, either through mormonis, the mormon vision of collective life, or the millorites? who just figured oh my god this guy did the math in the bible and god's gonna show up next tuesday and we can just chill until then but now all that all that uh all the juice is gone nobody believes that there's any uh apocalyptic horizon except for the science worshippers who think that they're going to live in a robot forever on Mars, some of that bullshit, everybody else is now just in a terminal uh either denial or violent hostility to a future that they cannot imagine as being anything other than an annihilation and that's why Islam is the only... live wire, but it is linguistically and culturally alien i think uh to westerners in a way that means there's you're you're not going to see any large scale conversion to it, i think you're just going to see - a further doubling down on the worship of the self, a clinging towards. technology as of imagined deliverance. but I we all need have to have some sort of imaginative intervener, there has to be some symbolic conception of forgiveness. because without that then you really only have doubling, tripling, quadrupling down into oblivion, uh, like uh, Thomas Hobbs is one of the first people in uh western political thought. to take God out of the equation of uh of statecraft and of justification of authority, he was he was able to he was like, okay? "if we're not saying God, God is uh, wills this social order, then what, what does justify and and validate this social order, and his premise that the nature of humanity is all consuming war with one another, does follow from that original premise of, okay, take God out of the equation, take forgiveness, reconciliation out of the equation." take the world as it is, which is a series of vastly unequal, vastly exploitative, class societies that are organized around internal domination and remove the the structures of authority that underpin that, like a jenga tower, pull down the one, pull pull the slats at the bottom that keep this thing going, the the the... concepts of legitimacy that keep people obeying them, because it is all at a base level consensual, like we are all consenting every moment uh, because we value something that we are given by this order enough to continue to survive and persist within it. if you remove those slats, what will you have? you will have. the war of all against all, you will have red and tooth and claw, nasty, brutis and short existence, because you will have these broken shards of pottery that cannot be brought back together. but that is not the eternal, transcendent nature of humanity, i mean humanity only was able to come into itself to the extent it has. through a fundamental cooperation, human evolution becomes collective at a certain point, once uh sufficient technologies accrew to facilitate communication. and then you have a collective process, a collective endeavor that pushes humanity into new heights of abstraction, an ability to act collectively to uproot and redefine nature. and once you get to that point talking about individuals, individual right? individual anything is kind of nonsensical because it is a social fiction that facilitates social action until technology develops enough to reify the individual uh and put every human at war at at transcendent interdimensional jihad with the natural. and what Christianity allowed for for a long time and then the socialist vision allowed for afterwards was a uh was the capacity to imagine a radical transformation of... subjectivity in a positive direction, i think now in the aftermath of the battle battle of armagedden, one of the things that fixes us and freezes us into this death spiral is that we can only conceive of radical changes of subjectivity as uh catastrophe, as disaster, because our subjectivity are the ones that we hold is all that there is, it is, they they'... the ambitions and and concepts of these reifified individuals that we that we find ourselves to be. so yeah, now all we have is bad armagetting on the horizon to be constantly feared, i i have simulated though, can never arrive, because we're afraid of it, but we're also kind of seeking it, because even if it is the end of this subjectivity, if this subjectivity is a curse, then even that can be thought of as a deliverance uh, but only in that nialistic death drive sense, not in the idea that we could transcend it. that is foreclosed, so whatever decline we might be imagining, it will not have the collective, simultaneous apocalyptic time frame that we're fantasizing about, it will happen individually, and the people left who have not been swallowed will maintain. their agonized interposition between the abys that they fear and secretly crave, and the uh unbearable, but also addictive uh now, unless there's a nuclear war, of course. but I honestly think if there was a nuclear war, it would not be the planet Ender that people feared in the 50s. I think you'd have un, I think you, I can see very definitely like in the next hundred years conflicts arising that lead to some sort of nuclear exchange, but I don't think that the uh networks to trigger total uh unleashing of nuclear payloads uh really exist now, let alone will in the future, they will only decay further with time, but i mean nuclear winner, you know the dinosaurs were taken out by a giant fucking asteroid that that created similar conditions and here now what could survive that and come later and uh retrospectively redeem all that came before, which is what we're actually talking about, right? that that that is, that is the uh, the socialist continuation of the of the Christian apocalyptic vision, is to transform humanity, not just at the point of... uh apotheosis, but then retrospectively throughout all of time, and as long as that like cycle persists and I think that it is eternal, you can talk about oh heat death of the universe, but what happens after the heat death of the universe? you have the same conditions. persisted before the big bang, you get another fucking universe, it's all in one thing, there's nowhere for it to go, you know, there's no outside of this, so like there is no end, there can't be, so that means that we are always on the board, we are all, we always have a we always have a chance, we're always in the game. and the fact that we are all here having these conversations does in my gut make me think that the thing that we're all desparing for being impossible has already happened because it what's it's what retrospectively animates all of us, because if we are in a consciousness field, what is the nature of consciousness? it is retrospective, it is a response to phenomenon, it is not phenomenon itself. and like that's all a bunch of air bullshit, but what it does for me is it allows for presence, it it allows me to imbu the moment that I embody with me. Yeah, somebody asked about Brazil and China making an agreement to pay each other without having to go to dollars, I mean that is inevitable, I mean honestly people talk about how like the dollar is losing its uh footing because of uh uh you know we're printing too many bills or any of that moralistic gold bug hogwash, I think a lot of it comes down. that we have radically abused the notion of sanctions, like we have gone so sanctions crazy in the post uh soviet era uh like sanctions as a tool of American statecraft and warfare such that like only using the dollar becomes a... surrendering of sovereignty if you're if you're another country. so I think that is driving a lot of this. I really still don't think anybody is trying to create an alternative to the dollar, because you would have to destroy your sovereign control, like who is, the Chinese are really the only people. who have any viable claim to doing that, but if they did it, I've said this before, and nobody, they would have to surrender the parties control of their economy, they would have to get rid of the capital controls that they have on their currency, that would be cutting their own throats, if they don't want to be like us, if they don't want to be in a position where the government is control. is the government is a hollow shell where a bunch of totally senile buffoons bang into each other like they're on a fucking electric football table while finance actually makes every meaningful decision and government is essentially vestigial if they don't want that then they have to keep their control of their currency and that is if we're if if if you have a project and it does seem, I got to say, as much, I would not call it socialism, but I do think that there is a uh, a national uh, economic program that the Chinese communist party is able to hold control of and has not seated yet, their ability to hold on to that goes away if they become a... uh reserve currency, now the question is, what about going back to Kanes and creating a separate currency for international transactions, which was what he proposed at Bretton Wood, and hilariously, this is very funny, so Kane's at uh, at Bretton Wood, they're talking how we going to make the post war economy, how are we going to make the post war financial system work? We don't want another fucking war, how are we going to do? and everybody understood there's going to have to be a global reserve currency also that god love the brits but it wasn't going to be the pound sterling with a fucking gold standard anymore so what is it going to be and kane says there should be a a separate currency that is not any national currency that is used for international exchange. and I believe he said that it should be pegged to like a basket of the value of a bas, a certain basket of commodities, and it was really never, I mean it was a non-starter, nobody no because America was writing the rules and they weren't going to give up that that uh Trump card, but the big guy who uh maneuvered to neutralize that was one of the chief Brettonwood's negotiators for the United States, Harry Dexter White, who was also a soviet spy. so a soviet spy helped entrench post war American economic the post the very post war economic hegemony that eventually strangled the Soviet Union. Of course that's because at that point in 1944 all the all the communists and fellow travelers at the high levels of government of the United States had convinced themselves that they would take over the United States from within that they would through the vessel of the Democratic Party. eventually be able to direct the politics of the United States, like Makarther obviously was a was a demagogue and a croock, but there absolutely were communists at the highest levels of government in the United States. The thing was, their goals were the same as American imperial goals, because America needed to win the war and be create the dominant structures so that they could be. over, but then we all know what happened, they kicked wallass off the ticket, that fucking little thug truman becomes president, and it's all over folks, all over but the shouting. Yes, wallis was, Wallis was the thin end of the uh spear, he was, he was the lever, he was going to be the guy, and he was not a communist himself, he was a pure strain, American, mainline protestant do gooder, the the the like the end of the uh, mid-west uh prairy pop. tradition uh, but in the context of the popular front that meant that he was allied with a lot of uh self-conscious communists, either people who were working for the Soviets or who considered themselves to have a uh socialist political horizon. Now of course it's very funny that the berchers start freaking out about how the UN is a communist. plot, all these institutions are communist plots, because they because the birch, Johnch society represented the small manufacturers uh, and capitalists in America, who depended upon this new international order, but who had no responsibility for it, and so we were alienated from it, and could blame all of their disconntent with a life that is not as good as it should be. on these evil machinations, even though the real problem is that the society that they fetishized only creates unhappiness, only manufactures misery, it sells eternal happiness, it sells unbounded pleasures and those can be uh sought and briefly attained, but the consistent experience is of continual disappointment. of continual agitation, because you have a society running on the uh, the empty desire of the consumer, wallis definitely would not have dropped a bomb on Japan, there's no question about that, the real interesting thing is would FDR have dropped the bomb on Japan, and FDR surviving isn't actually. as crazy as i used to think it was cuuse for me i always used to think it oh the question is always walless because fdr by the time he was but the time he got erected he was circling the drain uh i've said this before but it's very funny that right before he went to his final uh uh retreat to warm springs georgia he had a physical and the doctors took his blood pressure and it was like over 300 like the the top line was over 300 but what are you going to do good luck maybe take a bath maybe that'll help. but apparently blood pressure medication was patented only like a year or so after he died so what about we do a little wave there and uh they figure out how to control blood pressure a couple years earlier 350 195 that's it yeah and all they could do is be like well uh maybe sitting in warm water will help. because there was nothing to do, there was no, there was no treatment for it, but then they, but the first effective blood pressure drugs were patented only a few years later. so FDR doesn't die, FDR gets to like at least a couple years into his the fourth term, does he drop the bomb? I kind of don't think so. I suspect he would not. Because I do feel that FDR and and like right wingers now have figured this out and are now like condemning him for this. I think uh conceptual. had a whole thread about this a while ago where it's like, yeah, what you're saying is correct, but it's also good, and that was that FDR really did not see Stalin as a post war enemy, he did not envision the end of the war being a process of confrontation with the Soviet Union, he and the people around him were imagining that it would be a... that it would be a genuine world, it would be a continuation of the yolta and Tehran process, because the all through the war, Churchill, Stalin and and and uh FDR are having these conferences and they're moving through all of these big questions, and I believe FDR thought that's going to be the future, post war is us having these continual periodic negotiations around these big questions. but of course he dies, truman gets in and then yolta is the last one uh, there's a story about how they uh successfully tested the um the bom at trinity uh and they tell um uh truman this and he just goes in swinging his dick around like fuck you, like i don't need to listen to anybody's bullshit anymore, because we got the bomb, so yeah, fdr lives, i think, but here's the very important thing, when you imagine this stuff and you imagine and a number of different ways that the great conflict of the 20th century could have gone, say you do have a longer lived uh FDR or you get Wallis as president in 45, that does not mean you're going to have some sort of peaceful transition to socialism. I think guys like FDR and Wallace thought that was what was going to happen, you would have had a century as bloody as the one we got. but the battle lines would have been different, and i really think that is the dream that died, not actually getting not only to experience yourself, but to even concept. in the in the life of your children an actualized socialist world where human potential can be unlocked, rather it is a world where that fight can be made in earnest, like that you can participate in that conflict with your whole heart, and not have that battle bewaged largely by people who are making uh emotional compensations for other problems in their lives, because now politics is for. picos that's that's the reality of uh the post war world is politics becomes the domain of people who are compensating not people who are uh trying to advance an agenda because that agenda has been obscured like people want to blame the new left for being a bunch of self-indulgent uh uh narcissists whose politics was entirely personalized and uh and uh moralized, it's not their fault, that's all that was left, the people who in previous generations were funneld into political action by the promise of advancement through it, through struggle, had been in America bought off, a deal was struck in in a bunch of different battles culminating in a number of large scale legislative victories for labor that made politics no longer a rational, reasonable thing to care that. much about, and so their kids come up and they want to do politics, they want to make things better, but not really for themselves, because they are the most god-blessed and lucky people to ever live on earth, they're they're living in trajan's rome, they've got the fruits of everything at their fingertips, but what they have inherited is this finally? calibrated moral sense that seeks to push beyond consumption, push beyond uh plenty as the as as as the only index of human advancement and and of satisfaction, and of course fails miserably because it's not connected to a driver. train of class struggle, it's been detached by mass home ownership and mass media, and that's why you can write all day about the failings of the new left and the contemporary left, such as it exists, not as an actual political movement, but as individuals making political, politically inflected consumer choices, really is all we're talking about, but it's all... meaningless, it's beside the point, because they didn't drive anybody off, they did not uh set the conditions that we live in, they're responding as we all are to conditions that have been made at the material level and that are being reproduced materially and had the effect of blunting uh class instead fully individualized, fully customized consumer experiences, mediated experiences of life in America, that definitionally and as first principle, deny and neutralize class as a subjective element of American life. I don't know, there's it says here class, they have mass media, they have collective class identity, kind of they had, I talked a few times ago about how France was the closest place that had like a alliance between new left students and workers, because there were the factories did shut down in May of 68, but what happened, there was a a huge, huge, huge, uh, sector-wide raise given to workers to get them back in work, and it did, it worked, the same mechanisms work, they work more in America because people's lives are already mediated by space in a way that they aren't in in a European country because of free real estate, the post war suburbanization of the country is the necessary social terrain where... media can intervene and redefine human subjectivity, and that that spatial intervention of suburbanization, that's really only happens in America, and that is why America is this vanguard in so many respects and where and why socialism does not adhere here, and there is no self-conscious socialist uh political. article about this once that was very very influential for me. um, because this is a longstanding question in American political science, why is there never a socialist party in the United States? we had socialist parties of course, but they're always third parties, they never became dominant structures the way they did in Europe, why not? there's been a bunch of answers to this question that have been promoted, and and this uh article that foneer wrote uh, he goes through a lot of them, he says why they might make sense, why they might not, but then he ends it by just reversing the question and saying, when we look at what the socialist parties of Europe ended up from like the standpoint of history, because that that question was first posed in 1911, you know when when socialist parties were everywhere and were redefining politics throughout Europe, they looked at America and they said what's going on, but now but he was writing in the 90s and or the or the early auts, and and from that position he looks back and says, well all of these socialist parties that the early 19th century American socialists were so envious of. and have been wondering after for a century, where did they end up? this the labor party of of uh of uh the UK, the the the socialist party of France, the SDP, where did they end up? SPD, I guess, they ended up exactly where the Democratic party was, they ended up exactly where the US left-wing party ended up, so then it's not. a question of why didn't America get a socialist party, it's what what was present in America earlier that ended up occurring everywhere else, and to my mind it is simply that it created a non-class-based political identity, subjectivity for workers. earlier and what allowed it to do that was mass home ownership. first mass uh access to excorporated native lands, yoman yomen um horizon, but then once that ended uh home and land ownership for the individual. and those processes ended up happening in Europe too, you know, the the the European working class got access to those imperial superprofits too, like that's how the world system post war was set up, it was to keep the keep uh these Europeans from going to crazy again with uh nialistic or utopian social fantasies, communism or or fascism by allowing them some of that American consumer experience and it worked, it worked enough to detach uh workers from an intuitive drive towards struggling for political power. Someone says even Krushchev tried to do that. Yeah, and and and people to this day love yelling at Krushchev and condemning Krushchev as an awful revisionism for shifting to a consumer economy in the 50s. He had no choice. Stalin and he had every reason to do this. Stalin at the end of World War II was like, okay, let's just let's take a breather here. We just got our asses fucking hammered. we need, we need, we need some space and some time, but that meant allowing the United States to define the post-war economic order, which they did, and in that post-war economic order, if the Soviets were to compete with the West, they were going to have to continue exploiting labor, creating state profits that could be invested into the project, especially military spending once the bomb gets fucking invented. and that means that the the the the hope, the soviet dream of worker control over their lives has to be delayed further, what do you give them in return? you have to give them something else, and the only thing left is some uh simulacrum of the consumer experience that they were certainly aware, existed in the west. so it's like if you don't think Stalin was wrong to uh make a make peace with this with the west after world war. to, then you can't get that madruschev, because he could not have continued the stalinist uh, production, five year plan vision without getting overthrown. Kris was able to take power by uh getting Zukov on his side against uh Barria. and Berria at that time, he he was, he was, he was able to hold power for like a number of months after Stalin's death, and in that time he was making feelers to fully transform the Soviet Union into a capitalist economy. He was willing to ex, he wanted to extend the Marshall plan into uh the Soviet Union at the price of demobilizing class war. forever, so that's the other thing that was on the table when Krushev took power, the fantasy you're going to turn into uh, Albania, just not possible. I mean now is Mao actually tried to do that and what happened? you have the cultural revolution and this massive this this social wide cannibalistic frenzy to try to resolve the contradictions of maintaining uh alienation at the point of labor with the idea that you're in the you are in the communist utopia, how do you make that? you have to have a action, there has to be movement, as I said, it's not about a condition, it's about a trajectory, that is what we, that's the dream, that is what communism seeks to continue and uphold, and so if you can't overthrow class relations at the point of production. which they couldn't, if they wanted to be a fucking player in the world and they wanted to develop, then that's it's got to come somewhere else, and Krushchev said, give them fucking radios, give them, give them vacations to the black sea, give them hamburgers, my's idea, no, no, fuck that, we're going to give them uh, we're going to give them a pageant of purification. and after they burn through the country, the last one standing was dang and said no, give them burgers. oh my god, of course there's still hope. i just said it. already happened you, i already said that the hope has already been fulfilled, that we are living in the back splash of it, we're we're living in the halo, it's happened man, we did it, we if you use that term uh ecumenically we did it, if you use we as as as as as nodes of consciousness, we did it, subjective expressions of the objective permanence of consciousness, we did it, so that means our lives are infused with that meaning, with that trajectory, even if it appears uh, hopeless, but to really embrace that is to sever yourself from a specific type of hope, and that hope is: as I said for the uh culmination and perfection and uh redemption of a specific type of western subjectivity that we are all captured by. That is not going to be it, and I think accepting that is the first step towards meaningful action, meaningful political action, meaningful social interactions. all kind, because at this point, I think clinging to that hope is really clinging to the ego. what is the restrict act is that the one about tik tok? so is so people are acting like this is gonna be like the... great chinese firewall coming to America, is that what's happening? if so, yeah, i do kind of think uh, having to go elsewhere from than the internet to have politically meaningful conversations is probably a good thing, because yes we communicate ideas through this ether. but we also communicate uh stasis because we promise deliverance through concentration and through deliberation. They're gonna ban all VPNs, damn, damn, what's the penalty for having a VPN in China? Is it 20 years? It seems unlikely since so many of them use them. There's no penalty for using a VPN in China, that's hilarious. Oh my god, that's so funny. Oh, we're going to defend America's specific beautiful democracy against the threat of the horrible uh yellow peral by uh, by seeing their restrictions on internet and and vastly raising them, that's very funny. I don't think we'll probably do that, we don't really need to do it as the thing, you know? All right, I guess that's it for now, I hope some of that once again made sense, but I understand that you people are just enabling me as I am enabling you in a mutual cycle of enabling, but that's all right. All right, peace and chicken grease.