 for a moment. and tabulous not to make romance, come on, even now touch you seems to trambling and hush seem to smile give us, can i just get one more romance? with you my love can i just get some more romance with you my love hey getting this to work has been very annoying oh i'm trying to get this stream set up I had to sign on first because I was having issues with the twitch interface, I'm really not designed for any of this work, I have to say, why was I still having that on, that's not good, I got this thing on though, too, that's plugged in, okay, oh my god. this will not let me update the category, come on, hey, i'm sorry, this is taking a minute, but i was not expecting this to pop up. quickly, so now I'm trying to change it, and the sun of time and the weather is fine, you can stretch right, and touch the sky. why will it not let me update the category? uh, all right, maybe if I cancel and try again, I can get to work. There we go, there we go, okay, that should do it, that should do it, all right, good, now I just need to put it on Twitter, RIP, Colin Pow, by the way. I do not recognize the pronunciation of Colin, I don't know how, I feel like that was just a giant punking of the country. Hey, we're gonna have this guy's name pronounced like a butthole, even though that's not how it's spelled and not how anybody else pronounces it, this guy, we're gonna pronounce it like a butthole just for fun, just for gigs, oh my god, what is going on? Technology, what the hell man? All right, there we go, finally, so my little act of rebellion, continuing to refer to him by by the name colin. so yeah, took a few weeks off, had some honestly had some technical difficulties that were preventing me from streaming last week, but those appear to have been cleaned up. uh, probably not going to do too much, just, I'm probably going to try to get back into doing like a book club thing, because once again I was finding myself in that position of just banging my head against the limits of my ability to to get to a point that's. worth making and uh when that happens i kind of just have to stop or else i will uh drill a hole in my head like the guy in pie so so i'm chilling out yeah i'm going to do next month i think the next the second mormon episode. hopefully get that one to the present day, talk about trying to create a theocracy in uh Utah, which is really interesting, uh, and then how the mormons once the United States sort of reach them, uh, they made a deal to to instead of trying to create a a alternative to America, which is what they were doing out there, uh, they're just going to try to perfect the art of being an American. which I would argue they certainly have come closer to than any other religious or cultural or ethnic subgroup within the United States. So I don't, I don't want I'm gonna, I think today is just going to be me saying. Hi, coming back a little bit and uh, just have it, this one I actually think is going to be a low low key and relatively boring honestly, because I i'm a little uh, I'm I'm at the bottom end of a cycle, I guess, and I'm trying to uh, refocus, I guess, I am uh, gearing up for a new project. a new podcast project with Chris after the president's one is over, which I'm in the early stages of doing research for, so that should be good, uh, but when i'll say it here, when we finish hell of presidents, when the last episode comes out and i think three weeks, we will do, chris and i will do a joint stream where we take some questions uh from anybody who listened and has any specific things they'd like to see expanded on or commented upon. so tune in for that. Thurlo Weed, an interesting character, for sure, one of the forgotten uh, kingmakers of 19th century. politics uh essentially responsible for the creation of eventually the republican party like he he went from being a anti-mason to a wig to a republican and you can see in his negotiations and struggle and and uh uh and dealmaking you can see the creation of this professional political class for the first time uh which is what ends up dominating the post war American political uh environment is these is these new professionalized parties, and also just a wonderful name, Thurlo Weed, smoking on that Thurlo Weed. I'll see, I'll watch Dune, I'm not going to the theater though, I don't know, I feel like I might have been, it's hard to now to care to go to movies anymore, sad, I used to love it, I really do feel like uh, like we have for me anyway, like the the creation of this new type of content, the streaming content has uh has destroyed the specialness of film for me anyway, but you know, maybe there's something, maybe they'll still be some good stuff in the in that new streaming melu, we'll see i will watch it certainly, we'll see how it is, see if it's any good. Oh yes, can't wait for eternals, can't wait for the characters you never heard of standing in a field, I love the fact that it's Chloe Zow just goes from the Oscar to that, like, it's perfect. Kingo will be there though, how are you not gonna get hyped for kingo? is it kingo or king go? do they at least? solve that see maybe that's why everyone's going to go and see it just to find out if it's king go or kinggo cuuse i'm not sure it's king go just saying writing it doesn't help cuuse there's you can do king o or king go or king go too those are all possible of that those letters, oh god, there's a hype train going, oh no, not a hype train, seems like there's got to be a horror movie in that right, like somebody's got to get a hype train to 100 within a minute or their head explodes or something, why do they take my voice out of displo? That's a good question, I'm assuming it's because we aren't professional voice actors and they got uh, it was too popular for a bunch of amateur Schmucks to be uh on your video game when that many people are watching it or playing with it rather playing with it, I'm playing with my video games mom, I think think we're going to get to the hype train guys. That's all right though, I don't think my head will explode, I don't, I'm pretty sure that I don't have a explosive chip in my head that will pop my blood vessels if the hype train doesn't get there, fingers crossed, okay, miss the hype train with no negative side, side effects, thank god, I got to say, I have... zero interest in any of the congressional stuff at this point, i just cannot, i cannot bring myself to pay attention to the entire uh, because the entire pagetry because there's nowhere to effectively put any energy, all you can do is root for what, who are you even rooting for? i mean it, it's hard to, i mean there are provisions in those bills that are good and it would be good for them to be passed, but It's pretty clear at this point that the uh that the popular uh input on any of this is. non-existence, it really does seem like it exists to give you like a bad guy like mansion and cinema for you to then get mad at like a medieval passion play like when herod comes out and everybody throws trash at him, but if it wasn't them it'd be somebody else, it's all about who in the uh who in the caucas is willing to take the hit basically, and when you got a somebody like Cinema who is playing some very individual long game that is totally inscritable uh and then somebody like Mansion who's you know a a plutocrat from a bought and paid for a state like West Virginia then uh what are you gonna do? I mean like a root for Bernie to what though like what can Bernie do he he's sell he's selling luuks he's like going he goes in front of the camera and says these guys are doing bad and then they say no, we're not, okay, well now what? he's trying, i'm sure, but it's at this late stage, i don't really know. what the uh, what the levers are at the level of federal legislation? like, if there's any hope, it's in local politics, it's in labor militancy and and the strike wave that's happening right now, those are all things where not only are things moving, but you, if you're a person living in the country, actually could hypothetically involve yourself in, you know, uh, federal. is is completely outside of our um our control now, where is our state level? party, have you not seen the forward party in their cool graphic design? my prediction though, i i i hate predicting things anymore, but i think the funniest outcome would be that they don't pass anything, they don't even pass the the bipartisant one, and i can see that happening for sure, i still think most likely they will pass the bipartisan one. and then uh the the big one doesn't pass at all, i didn't put any vaseline on the lims, what? let me try that. It would be funniest if they didn't get anything through after all that cuz it really does feel like the whole progressive strategy is hinges on the idea that mansion and cinema are so personally invested in the bipartisan bill that they won't let it die and that they can realistically threaten it uh they that there's so many sepositions in there that I don't think are supported that uh that I don't. Uh, yeah, I don't think so. I mean, "the thing is is that all that stuff is in the interests, it's in the interests of capital, it's in the interests of power to pass pretty much all the stuff in there, but we have reached the point of of total like lumpiin uh dissolution of the ruling class, that there is no more remaining unified agenda, there are only individual like ac'. within the market using their influence to try to gain special carv outs for their own sector and their own interest and that means that they end up basically cancelling each other out. and making the shift of state list into oblivion, which is of course the very situation that existed in the antibelum or in the the post war uh Rober Baren era, that the progressive movement was designed to correct to create a self-conscious political class that could exercise authority on behalf of capital and to neutralize the inherent competition within it, and then We got to this, but but that structure was uh eventually dissolved in money more than anything uh, and now we have a situation where the political parties are non-existent, like they aren't really parties, they're just collections of vendors who connect candidates to money, and the candidates get there through a relatively open primary process. that uh can only really discipline the left, but outside of that, is largely outside of the party's control, and so everybody in politics ends up just being a totally self-interested, self-seeking uh political entrepreneur who have no commitment to any party project. so there's no way to get them to do things the way that previous generations of political leaders and presidents were able to. It's it's what it is is it's spooktacular that's not black pill because I mean I think for you to look at the system as it exists and think that there's any levers at this point post 2020 uh at the federal level. within the party system, i think that's not that's that's not anything other than delusion and more than i think what it is more than anything is a desire to give your political spectation a sense of gravitas and meaning because it at the end of the day politics is too boring to care about if it doesn't matter like the reason that politics is sports for nerds is because the nerd requires their entertainment to have higher stakes and to mean something, it has to reflect their identity in a deeper level than just the aesthetic preferences of one team over another uh and so they have to believe that what they're paying attention to has a real meaning and that the intensity of their devotion to one side or another reflects. if it's not going to change anything, it reflects something about them that means something, and I think what we're seeing with the two parties now, and specifically with the republican radicalization and the queification and the trumpification of the Republicans and the the uh, the shift in the democrats towards like being the party of the educated, it's not any kind of meaningful. what it is is it is a greater and greater degree of people are not succeeding in the system, people who are suffering, people who are being alienated from the political process, who see the system as it exists as something that is hurting them, not benefiting them, largely checking out. stopping to care, stopping to pay attention, stopping voting, and the people who are left voting are people who are committed to one or another narrative of power, and the republican advantage right now is that their narrative of power has the energy, the vitality of of uh cinematic narrative, it says that there's like a war for the soul of the country and that and that the and more than anything though, it recognizes. as a fundamental principle the hollowness and corruption and fraudulence of American democracy. now the specific understanding of that is absurd and delusional, the dominion voting systems, stealing votes and all that shit, none of that is true, but as with most conspiracy theories, it is a it is a personalized narrativized, skin on top of a deeper truth. and because the democrat, because the the republican party now, the people who make up its base are fully alienated from politics and they feel that they have a champion in Trump and the people who support Trump in the a project of renewal and a project of defeating these rotten systems that they're going to go out and vote. "the democrats don't have that, all the democrats have is, hopefully you get in power and uh, fingers crossed, Joe Mansion doesn't ruin everything, that's all they have, even when they were saying that Trump stole the election with Putin, they were never rejecting the structures of American democracy and politics and so they could not and not uh channel that energy, so if you are alienated from politics and see American politics is not representing your interests, your choices really are, stop paying attention and be about yourself, or joining the the great awakening, and the choice of which one you're going to going to do is largely going to be determined demographically by your cultural conditioning and by your response to cultural cues that you absorb uh through the media and a lot of people see that this new you know there as a fascist rising on the right and and it does have the uh obsession with decay, the revulsion towards traditionally had, but what it does not have is an actual mass project, all it is is voting for republicans and showing up at what are basically tailgate parties, it is fun, the real work is supposed to be done by the by the candidates if you get them in office, but of course when they get in office. they just become what all politicians are now, which is self-seeking entrepreneurs, like we've got a couple of q and on people in congress and all they're doing is trying to raise their q scores. I mean people are scared of the cops becoming like the the enforces of fascism, but look what's happening with the man, the mandates with the vaccine mandates, the they're mostly just quitting, or more than more than quitting muttering about it, doing annoyed tick tock and then going back to work, because there even though they have you know the esprit decore of being members of a the thin blue line and all that, there is much at pleasure seeking uh treat addicts as the rest of us, they just have guns, that's why I kind of think that the the real natural progression here is a president who is able to embrace the... a president who's able to grab people aesthetically the way that Trump does, but by new, but who whose appeal is about neutralizing culture war as opposed to pursuing it, because the culture stuff is at the end of the day bad for business, because it does make the maintenance of our democratic uh machinery impossible. and that machinery is a crucial structure, that is why, i remember before the election, i thought the reason that Biden was going to win is because there are too many. people who were sitting on home equity in the suburbs who didn't want to fight a fucking culture war and they wanted to turn down the volume and that's what happened if you look at why bidon won it was a huge swing in the relatively well off suburbs and a big in a big swing among uh relatively uh well educated suburban whites macane this is where i'm going and so you get the swing back and forth, but it's asymmetrical because only one side really wants to fight the culture war, only one side wants to like fight it in the sense of recognize that we have two incompatible social organs in this country and then get rid of the fetters of of of democracy that uh perpetrate the fraud of a deliverative process and and and raise the black flag uh and you need both sides willing to do that for... or um for it to really pop off, if the other side is dominated by people who just want to everyone to settle down as long as there's a relative degree of uh of basic prosperity and and access to creature comforts in the country, then that is going to uh hold. so in the absence of a willingness to fight the culture war, but a need to have something to get people to vote for that isn't just a nullification of a thesis, that is no positive vision, then you need star power, you need charisma, you need Matthew McConne. and that's why I think if we really get to a point of crisis, the person in charge will probably not be somebody demanding that we cut down the tall trees and and kill the cockroaches, but somebody insisting to us that everything's going to be okay and that we all need to just be mindful and nice to each other, well the necessary, the necessary violence is carried out technologically and mechanically and dispassionately, but of course the wild card is supply chain, the wild card is treat flow, the wild card is free refills, but i don't know, at this point i i've given up any thought of a short-term crisis turning in anything, and and the beauty part is 'if I'm wrong, there'll be nobody there to tell me, see I told you so, because we'll all be too busy uh fending for ourselves, I don't have to worry about being owned online, because people are going to have bigger fish to fry, although I'm sure that even if that happened, if I was wrong, there would be somebody who would like find me in my uh, in the in the fema camp that I was living in and tell me, haha, you were wrong, but that's fine.' I'll be owned, we're all going to get owned eventually, we're all owned all the time. We are being owned constantly all the time, and most of our political ritual is about denying that reality, like not getting the shot, having guns, posting epic socialist memes, they're all an attempt to... express our non-owndedness, but the fact that they let us do it is really all the proof you need that it it doesn't really matter. I did not take down the picture, I just, I moved the camera, I got to move it again, trying to see which way to move it to get to get Geomati in there. There he is, there's our guy, there's our buddy, I guess I did move it from that, I was able to actually nail it up to the wall. Okay, yeah, so one thing I want to. ask is, I want to do another uh book club, but the uh parameters though is I want to do something about uh, something from about European history, uh, some book about European history from uh, from the end of the black death till the glorious revolution of 1688, so anything in that time frame if anyone knows a good book, because I'm getting ready for the uh, for the thing we're doing with Chris, and I and I'm starting to do uh research and it might be fun and helpful to have some of that research be done here, reading a book, talking about it, taking some notes and then having something uh as sort of a record uh, the CV wedgewuok book is good, but I've read it, I kind of want to do a new one, I haven't read before, and not specifically about... 30 years of war, like about that era in general, like right now I'm reading a book about the reformation, oh world would only by fire, I've heard of that one, that's a good one, maybe that other Wedgewood book of like through or no, that's the Barbara Tuckman book through. distant mirror, i think it's called, or that might be a wedgewood, yeah, that was Tuckman, because the whole project is buse the 30 years war is going to be the hinge of it, but it's really about uh, how capitalism emerges out of the ferment of post uh of the post plague european context. because one thing that i really want to emphasize with it is is how english it was, like like capitalism is is a specific fixed. phenomenon that emerges in England, starting in the 1400s and like there's a bunch of other stuff happening all throughout Europe that leads to this new nation state form and this nation state competitive framework, but only one of those competitive states is capitalist by the beginning of the or is is has capitalist like institutions that are beginning to dominate. its politics by the late 17th century and that is England, like the dutch were not capitalist, like the Dutch Republic was not doing capitalism, they were doing a shit ton of trade, but they did not have the the market compulsion at the heart of the... economy that they had in England. Right, England at a national market, which is what you need to really have capitalism, and the Dutch didn't really have that. Well see, it's how you define capitalism, but that's the whole point of the project is to actually figure out and elucidate a definition that isn't just like selling things. This is interesting, the first government state to consciously choose the path of capitalism, I i don't think anybody chooses capitalism, I don't think any, any state has ever chosen capitalism, in that in that by that if you mean like a democratic or even uh elite driven decision to adopt capitalism because capitalism is fundamentally destabilizing to established orders, it is imposed on his places, it is imposed, it is adopted in order to compete against other states and to more effectively dominate other classes within a state. like the English civil war is this big fight between these different groupings all thinking they're fighting for their own uh group interests and the way that that is decided the way they understand group differs depending on where they are and who they are, but those interests are not the interest. of uh of of capitalism as they understand it, but what ends up emerging out of all of that, and the death and the kill the death of the king and the the bringing back of the Stewarts and then the glorious revolution, what you end up with is capitalism without any of the actors choosing it consciously. I'd say the closest thing we need to have maybe is to the United States to a country that like chose capitalism, of course they didn't think of it in those terms, but what they were with the ruling classes there in in the new world were imagining was was. a uh dynamic, market driven uh political and economic structure, see like the Chinese, I don't know if you can say they chose it because once again it's a adapter die type situation, whereas in in the United States you have a group of people in in a position. to dominate this new land mass to assert control uh on their own terms. I guess it can't really be chosen because what ends what capitalism does over time is it naturalizes uh things structures that are not natural that are not part of the world that are human choices and it it it makes us believe that are being carried out by a a force separate from us, i mean there's a reason that Adam smith talks about the invisible hand, like it is an attempt to turn human choices into compulsions of nature, it says this stuff that we are choosing to do is actually being forced on us and and in many important ways it is being forced on us cuuse everybody is compelled to operate by market logic, but that's because we structure, we consciously structure our social order that way, and it is a theological transformation that turns human agency into this inscrutable will, it is that's how that it's how protestantism solved the problem of of authority and power that it was unable to resolve during all of those wars and and up risings and peasant rebellions that characterized the uh the centuries after reformation. and I don't think protestantism creates capitalism, but I do think that protestantism, the rise of protestantism creates a problem for European social order that capitalism addresses. and I don't think it's as much protestantism that makes the conditions as just the reality of a literate urban population undermining the stability of the post feudal order. the old structures of consent and coersion broke down in the 15th century in the 16th century and protestantism is sort of an inevitable outcome of that phenomenon. anyway, we'll talk more about this later on. i'll find a book, uh, right now, i'm still going to, i'm reading about reformation right now, but uh, i'll put it out there soon. I'll find one, I think maybe the black death in the world it made, if anyone's read that, I was thinking of reading that next, just like start from the beginning. There's a Teddy Roosevelt show on HBO is it like a I'm assuming it's a uh it's a dock right it's not a it's not a uh drama that seems very late like Teddy Roosevelt was a very like seems like Teddy. Rosevelt in my mind Teddy Roosevelt is like the Ron Swanson of presidents so it seems like Teddy Roosevelt is a little uh he's a little pass say at this point feels like JFK is the president of the moment because everybody's decided that he was our last hope everybody's tracing back all the the failures and and disasters of American history and and they find this hingepoint and uh and they're like, yeah, now give me that, but the thing about Kennedy is to me, he's not terribly interesting personally, nixon and Johnson who followed him are way more interesting, although I really, my my thesis with the whole thing is that... is that no president by himself post World War II is going to be able to significantly direct the the path of uh of power away from the desired direction of capital, they can maybe create a little bit of a damn, but the water is going to flow around it, you need a popular force to... to really assert an alternative, you need popular structures to effective. like George W. Bush, an insanely powerful figure, a guy who was at the intersection of every significant development of political and economic power after World War II, but his power came. from the fact that he was willing to be an instrument, that he was not asserting an individual prerogative, that he was willing to embody what what he took to be the system's prerogative, he was not dictating. I really think that I don't think I think cosmically it's not a coincidence that at the height of America's state in the 60s and 70s before it started to dismantle itself are we had two presidents in a row who were monomanical power obsessed maniacs in LBJ and Nixon both of whom were forced essentially to with to with relinquish the power that they had sought their entire lives, because by the time they scaled that mountain, the machine that they were trying to control could no longer be handled by human hands. because it's not about good or bad, like Nixon, Johnson, they just wanted, they wanted to assert power, they wanted to feel that they were were in control of this thing, this machine that was controlling by that point, the free world, but what the... both found out is that there are hard limits on what you can personally dictate and they were both broken by that realization and every president sense them i believe is of a different mold, they have they go to the office happy to be in the room, they just want to be in the room, they have given up. imagining that they will change anything, like Carter thought that he was going to make the country better by virtue of his being president becuse he was a good guy, buse he was a a piace baptist and he was going to bring his piety to the national stage and he was going to make America better that way, that was it, he was just going to transform minds through his. and through his public expression of virtue, which ended up being doing what all the bankers told him to do. Reagan of course is an actor, give him a fucking spot on the floor, he'll stand there, give him some index cards and he'll read them. George HW Bush by that point had exercised insanely uh, a lot of power behind the scenes, but by that point by the time he took power, he was fully fused to the project of global capital, so that there was... no sense of uh of being constrained because what he wanted was what capital wanted, same thing with Clinton, George HW Bush just wanted his dad off his back, the guys around him did have desire to actually assert power and to try to turn America's soft empire into a real one under a hard empire and were and were like all those efforts smack now and then you got obama, like Carter took power thinking that his personal virtue, his his embodiment of good values was what the country needed, and then Trump who just wanted to be on TV all the time, and nobody's on tv more than the president, and now we have Biden who wanted to be president to validate his chip on the shoulder, fake irish bullshit, to to make up for his self-perceived lack of intellect and I mean the guy decided when he was like 22 years old he was going to be president because he was good at being people's friend. and the president is like the nation's biggest friend, and then it is amazing when you think about biden though, the guy wanted to be the youngest, he was like, he ran for senate before he was legally allowed to even be a senator, he turned 30 between being elected and being... so he had his mind at that point on being president like Kennedy, like a young vigorous commander and chief, and he tried in 80-80 tried, he had two brainhages and got busted for plagerism, and then he kind of went back into the shadows in the senate, committed himself to carrying out the uh right-wing turn of the democrats that was what they had to do, hey. this is what being a democrat is now being tough on crime uh out uh scare-mongering republicans, i'll do it, then he tries again when he's still, you know, he's no longer going to be the youngest president anymore, but hey, at least he could, he could still get the job, even though he had to hang around the senate for way longer than he would have wanted to, and he just is eat shit, nobody cares, but then they pull him off of the scrap heap to make him. and he has to hang around the white house getting ignored for eight years and at that point then he watches Hillary Clinton fumble the bag that he knows he could have gotten and it's true if he'd been the nominee in 2016 he would have won and so with that in mind he's like my life literally means nothing if i don't get this office buse this is all i've been seeking for all my life my my kids are either uh demons whose heads exploded or just uh totally broken by their proximity to power like hunter, i have to do this or else i'm facing death alone, and so now he's in the white house exhausted, extinguished without any of the anima that used to motivate him and just waiting for the the ghosts to take him. and so that's why I think it's going to be on the right, it's going to be either Trump or Trump Essk uh, ego freaks uh, and on the democratic side, as we saw in 2016, or in 2020, their bench is a bunch of... proto a bunch of like different flavors of Obama that have completely lost any uh appeal to anybody but very narrow slivers of uh of overly online demographics so what it's going to have to be somebody famous it's going to have to be somebody famous because the party is is lost any claim to popular support, because Biden got the nomination because he was the party, he was just the the husk of the party structure that was still there, that is now mostly been replaced by Obama style meritocrats, but he is the last one of those guys, there's nobody left, I mean look at Kimala. Kamala is supposed to be the next iteration of Obama, everyone hates her, no one on earth thinks she could be president, you're gonna need some to get some of that star power that the Republicans have, you got to have to get over the the uh, the preening self-seriousness that says where we don't, we don't vote for uh celebrities over here, we we take this seriously. because it's not, the dog won't hunt, so yeah, I think you're going to have somebody like a Matthew McConage, just there to tell everybody it's okay to sooh this sooit them as we are fed into the uh the slurry shoots, okay, not bad, we'll talk soon, I don't know when next, I might be only doing like one a week for for a bit buse, but I'll I'll figure out what. Next and uh let people now. Bye-bye.