 Yeah, I am the one exterminating burn through the britches and drive in the back of my drag you love burn through the bitches and flow through the witches and slam in the back of my drag you love yeah yeah, baby, yeah, baby. on the back of my regular. Oh man, computer being very annoying right now, it's being quite irritating, dwitch dot, oh boy, that should do it right? There we go, send tweet, send dragula tweet, I've sent a tweet to dragula. Come on, get up, down with the sickness, you b, get up, come on, get down with the sickness, fuck, get up, come on, get down with the sickness, open up your head and let it flowing in me, around you, ready to die, remember that, richard cheese. does anyone remember richard cheese? anyone remember when the funniest thing you could do was a lounge cover of a wrap or uh new metal or old metal type song? it was a great time yo Melinda hit my line Melinda hit my line hell bill hit my line that's a lot of money I mean I know what I would want to do with it mostly incredible pranks. just like next level pranks, like fucking with entire like towns realities, doing sort of uh gorilla truman shows on not a person, but on an entire area, like overnight 4 in the morning you fucking put the dome from under the dome or the simpsons movie over a small town and then you film what happens, that's what you could do with Bill or Melinda Gates's money. so I'm kind of getting back a little bit to talking a little broad theory stuff here because I'm trying to work things out for projects and for you know my own understanding and I really do feel like the best format I have found for kind of getting things clear to myself as a first pass is by coming on here and talking so. I realize that a lot of what I'm going to say coming up here is just kind of tautological, like it doesn't really actually explain anything, it's not, it's not necessarily uh, meaningful that it's kind of just a a descriptive paradigm, and if that's the case that's fine, but it's a useful paradigm, I think for me in contextualizing, you know, the big questions which any kind of uh theory is supposed to deal with. which is you know how do I respond to the world around me? like that's really the point is you're supposed to know how am i supposed to respond to the world around me? and i feel like this, this is sort of a framework that uh help should, it seems like it might be able to help me with that, and I don't know, I wanted to run it by, so I want to talk today about the role that belief, faith has, not in the not on the left, not in socialism, but in capitalism, and in fact under all systems of uh, of hierarchy and civilization that we've ever had, so what comp people to participate in an exploitative social arrangement is not mere force right, it is social coersion through hegemonic concepts and what that means is belief, what that means is is that you choose to do things because you believe certain things about the world, you what i mean i mean my belief is you are acting on faith on the assumption that a fictive... thing will persist, that a fictive notion will persist, and throughout human history, what that fictive notion, man included a whole bunch of things that were all socially related to one another, the individual is one of them, and that's important to note that the individual is the first fiction, it's the first fake thing we believe in is the idea that there is a a persistent, coherent, individual identity traveling through time and space that we are, that is the first fiction, now how much we believe in that and how we uh relate to that concept is determined by our social around surroundings and the social, the nature of our social, the social life we find ourselves embedded in. and so that means that for most of human history, the self was only one of was one of many things that we all believed in. God as a as a personalized concept is something a lot of us believe for a long time, the idea that there is a supernatural, transcendent element to the world that can be uh perceived not rationally, but emotionally, uh, "that is something that makes people go along with uh machineries of of oppression, but also production, also you know all the good things that we get out of society, all the stuff that allows us to thrive, all all the stuff that allows our individuality and the uh people around us that we have emotional relationships to uh to thrive, and so one of the things we believe is is that the structures around us serve that purpose, and our willingness to go along is determined by our degree of belief. now a lot of that belief if we're at the top end of the distribution of resources and pain, like the least amount of pain, the most amount of resources, believing in it is very easy, because it gives us all benefit, if we're on the shar shit end of the stit, believing in it is harder uh, and when you're in the middle of course, you're in the periles, precarious zone. where uh, we're believing it it is a daily struggle, but that material part is only only part of it. there is a a mental structure, a notion of the world in your head that validates the system that you live under, and the the history of the collapse of social systems is partially the story of belief collapsing. belief in the uh the legitimacy of these systems, because the legitimacy of the systems comes in contact with our other, the other fictions that we believe in, like the self, like our religious concepts, whatever cosmology that we've created to determine right from wrong, to determine to to to to rank experiences from preferable to to avoid. and when those coming conflict conflict our belief in that uh leaves a hole which causes our willingness to invest in the system to reduce and a vicious cycle that ends up seeing energy directed outward seeing the system collapse and seeing new notion new ideas and new structures emerge with new validations and new fictions that everybody can agree on or at least can over time be sort of colonized into believing it, and that's that's throughout history, but then when you get to capitalism and the individual. then when you get to the modern era, you have for over time what has happened is that those other things that are in there in the social world, in the social fiction, alongside theself, the individual, they go away, and the process of capitalism is is the process of those things going away faster and faster as market relationships over the uh social, and as that and as our lives become more and more isolated. to technology of separation and uh and capital flow, and so while the beginning and the beginning of capitalism is of course with the primacy of the individual, and by now we've reach the critical point where the only thing we have left to believe in is the self, and that the crisis of liberal capitalism or liberal capitalism in America, it's it's it's unequal and... combine development, I'm talking about where I'm from, what I'm used to, this this end stage system that we're finding ourselves in, this decadent western hegemoneny that seems to be losing its stamina and and reason for being, and the reason for that is that once the once the when the individual and capitalism emerge as the primary notions, they're intertvined, because if the individual is the only thing that you can believe in, then the only way that the individual can thrive is in a system. defined by uh market transactions between strangers, because it's the only thing that doesn't require some sort of trust, some sort of bond beyond recognition of like someone in a similar right category of human humanity or whatever or citizenship, and absent that feeling of of connection, it has to be a transaction, that's the only relationship that can be registered as uh not dangerous because it's supported by the state, because it's it's validated by force that's transcended from any of the individuals within it, and so that that reality creates a belief in capitalism, but here's the important distinction, we start believing in capitalism once it emerges from an individual perspective, not as uh the validator of a system. but as the deliverer of a result, we believe in capitalism for the utilitarian observation that it allows for the individual to be uh to be actualized, and so belief in capitalism, which exists and which undergards the entire system from a social point of view, is dependent upon a belief in the result, in if I agree with this framework, if i agree with this uh this political, economic arrangement, then i will be able to thrive, and the reason that America was sort of able to conquer the world is because it was able to take capitalism and apply it to a massive swath of despoilable and alienatable resources that could be distributed. to a greater and greater circle of people within this the definition of citizenship and therefore bolstered faith, belief in the system, because it gets results, it's a cargo called, it gets results, why, how, no one really knows, but it gets results and it's the only thing compatible with individualism, and I think our current crisis is the totalization of. nobody at any point get of uh participation in American capitalism believes in it anymore, they don't believe that the system can give them consistent results. now that doesn't mean that they don't believe an abstract notion of the market, no, because many of them identify their individuality with that market, what they disbelieve in is the notion of? of the of the democrat, the liberal democratic model, liberal, small, small L, liberal democratic model of participatory democracy delivering capitalist outcomes, now of course that's not the case, but they don't, they reject that, they they have a false understanding of that, that's part of their fictional belief system, but every strata of America. and society is being confronted with the fact that they can't get what they uh have been promised from capitalism. now at the poor end, what that leads to is a disengagement from trying uh people in uh the fucking uh people in school reform love to talk about grit, they love to talk about the difference between a a kid who succeeds in a uh bad school with with a uh a downly mobile social melu uh and one who doesn't is grit and what that they mean by that is a willingness to to stick with things and i i think that what you see at the bottom end of the distribution of resources in in twilight America is a recognition that there's no reason to try because there is no reason to believe that there will be an outcome that uh values that effort, so why try? and so that leads to paralysis, stagnation, deaths of despair, drugs, not all those things in the middle strata. It leads to people losing their commitment to the political uh uh framework of liberal democracy one way or the other a willingness to try to accommodate a broad uh uh political milieu because they think that's the thing that's caught that's making it not work there there's no reason to believe in the system because it cannot provide the political outcomes that they expect, and so that's how you get uh politics dividing broadly into a fuck your feelings, fascist conservativism in terms of its emotional violence, i mean it's not fascism, but like a a a a a exterminate the brutes, fuck your feelings, rejection of uh of the commons on the on the right and then kill the hicks uh uh neo um eugenics on the on the liberal left, because they've both given up on the project, and then in the at the top, in the political class, and then in the the like the real ruling class of of finance and shit, and and silicon valley, you have a disenchantment, because at the top of capitalism, as capitalism accelerates and as the secular stagnation persists and as the decrate of the rate of profit continues to decline, there's less and less uh given the system for discretion uh by managers, both in the political and in the business sphere, what power is defined as is discretion, the ability to choose to do one thing and not another thing, and that really is a luxury. of the human pilots of capitalism to get to imagine themselves exercising power by making choices and those choices have effects and they go down through the system and they shape its direction uh but in a narrow band and over time as capitalism maintain continues its totalizing force eventually that that range of uh discretion of rule of power is shrunk until you don't get to make choices anymore and so there's no reason to invest in the the... of power except for the most very narrow personal reasons, like you can't even believe this bullshit, i truly believe that our political elites until very recently believed a lot of the horse shit about America, they believed it a visceral level, because they were part of a system that rewarded their effort, that rewarded their power and discretion by changing and moving at their at their command, now they are feeling more and more as though they are instruments of something. beyond themselves and so that makes them less uh invested in in caring about uh anything other than the most narrow because this is the real kick to the dick of the whole thing is that in previous societies and social orders this decline of belief in the ruling elite ruling ideology and the ruling structures might well lead to people trying to find something else some other forms of power emerging. of course, they're going to have their own hierarchy, but they're going to move things along dialectically. we are now at a point where people have for stop believing in the uh system as such and they're blaming somebody for it, you know, if it's q and on, if it's online communists, if it's uh uh, woke people freaking out about white supremacy, uh, uh, if it's liberals worrying about Russia, everyone believes that the experiment is failing. and that they don't believe that effort will be rewarded with anything so that cheating and uh and disengagement are the only rational things because this of the... nature of capitalism, that disenchant is only going is only recuperated by self, by the self, we used to believe in a system as a delivery mechanism for the self so that we could plan a life around engagement with the system, now all we have left is ourselves and so we are thinking becomes incredibly short term because we know we don't know that tomorrow any of the systems that we have today are going to give us anything, but we do know what? we want, we think we know what we want in the moment, and we know, we think we know how we might go about getting it, and so we engage with the world to get that narrow, quick, soothing boost of that that dopamine hit, that serotonin bump, whatever it is that gets us through the day, and capitalism because at this point so much of its mechanisms are now technological and don't even require us to intergage with them or believe in them because they operate independently are still churning and producing pleasures and producing distractions for us to engage with and to gain the system to uh to get gain access to. And so there is no next step there. there is no counterform, there is no, there is no antithesis developing to this, we are only turning into uh, self, into self, self, uh, pleasure seeking machines, which is exactly what the fucking machinery of techn of capitalism wants, if we're only self-seeking, if we're only seeking closest pleasure to ourselves, we have no belief in any social fiction. beyond - the reality of our ego, then the technological uh mechanisms of capitalism can lead us around by that, oh we know what you like, we have the algorithm, we know what's pleasure for you, we know what's pain, we can threaten you with one and offer you the other, and even though we never have to really give you anything, we can keep you moving, and so the and so instead of us getting uh any kind of class consciousness or species being awareness, what's coming to self-awareness is the fucking money, what's coming to self-awareness is the fucking algorithm, we are becoming unaware, more and more unaware, and that's why the only antidote to this, the real antithesis that will develop will have to be have to begin with: a revolution in belief, a breaking of the solipcistic cycle, where our disenchantment with the the horrible brutality and and unfairness of the system that we live in, leads us only to further reify our own egos and try to protect them a a transcendence of that cycle where we are connecting ourselves emotionally, we are believing in as in stuff that we can't know, we were believing in a solidarity with other people and finding that our actions in accordance with solidarity feel both self, they feel like they're for our own good, but not in the destructive selfish way that are individual pursuits are, we still do it not because we want to be good, because we have the the uh puritan American superego slapping us in the ass saying no you have to be a good person, which is currently with drives a lot of people to be on the left right now, it will be a actual felt emotional uh commonality of interest with somebody else. so like i said, i don't know if that's actually like means anything, you know. but I do think that it does, if you use think of it that way, it helps you understand uh exactly what the stakes are with a lot of these uh questions, the political questions we we deal with, we think we're looking at a political contest, but we're really a meaningful political contest, but we're really looking at a cultural ritual of self-affirmation, today uh the other day there was the CIA woke uh recruitment video and of course it caused a huge uh torrent of discussion about what is to say about the left and liberalism and this stuff uh and people say this proves that the left is culturally hegemonic and and what does that mean and are they not? and i would say and then people argue at the point of is it a cultural hegemany and i would say that i don't think you can look at the vocabulary is used by power, the vocabulary is used in media and say that uh that - in the constant cultural uh like dialogue between acceptable and unacceptable principles, between virtuous and and uh and villainous ideas, that broadly the left is the setter of the terms in culture, but that doesn't mean what people wanted to mean or what they think it means when they talk about power, because while this is political, it is political in the sense that all culture is political, all politics is culture, and neither one of them are connected to power anymore, that is the thing, all of this left-right conflict is happening, detached from power. power is being executed by the algorithm behind the scenes, the constant worring, buzzing, crunching machine sound you hear is the conveyor belt moving without anyone holding the fucking gears. anyone tending to any of it, what we're all doing instead is arguing about a political space and with political terms around a political spectacle that is at every level detached, because while we might argue about this stuff, the only real decisions of merit of matter that matter are being made by algorithms within vastly powerful and intricate institution. belief participating in this increasingly uh tribalized politics, meanwhile the thing happens behind the scenes, because people say uh, buse people want. say like this means the left has succeeded or or it won or something, this is what it wanted, the left is not a coherent system a coherent movement with power with an orientation to power, it is individuals with self, self-definitions as customers. Now what in that pursuit they might do some left shit, they might start a union at their workplace, they might uh join an org that does a campaign, they might help elect somebody to office, they might change the tender of discussion of issues, they might even get some things done in terms of laws and and and uh getting union contracts and whatnot, but they're not doing it as part of a project, they're doing it as a bunch of people expressing their preferences in the marketplace, and the antithesis that can challenge capitalism will have to be something else, we'll have to be lashed together through bonds that transcend self-interest. so I don't know, that might have just been like uh, just totally a self-suck, but I do think it's useful because people get stuck, I know I do on questions of uh of basic superstructure and of how how things move, like the the machinery doesn't just go on its own, like we we move it with our actions every day because we choose... to participate in it, and that participation creates changing and evolving understandings of the world that change our relationship to it and change our actions even though we're within these structures and the way I think of it is you've got. this line, this this this cable, and then you've got the current running through it, and that is all of us living within the iron armature of the system. and of course, at that point i once again stall out, what do you do with that information? i keep your eye nose to the grindstone once. keep your eyes on the prize, which is not online, it's every day there's a chance that it could be the day that your life changes, and that's uh, it's certainly a cop out, but I think it's less dishonest than than maintaining a kfabe of uh, of consequence. Uh, I would love. to do soft power for China, it really does look like woke cold war is uh on the offing, which is pretty great, did you uh see that a there's a weeger uh like wing of al-Qaeda that the uh was involved that's been involved in Afghanistan since the fucking uh since 911 before 911 and which uh the US military. waged a offensive specifically against in 2018 in Afghanistan, has now been taken off of the states the terrorist watch list, it's and it's no longer a terrorist group, I mean fuck, I don't really think there's going to be a war, but you certainly see how the momentum in both parties, this is where it's very important, is towards some sort of confrontation of China, and it really is. interesting, like uh, there was this spurious case that Trump was like an anti-interventionist, remember that Trump counted as as as the peace candidate, and there are a bunch of people who say that's still true because they're convinced that Hillary Clinton would have like gone to war in Syria, if she'd been in charge, and I mean, you, who knows, but on the big question that's on the horizon of China, the one that really matters uh, on that one, Bush and Biden are on the same page, and there is a totally coherent, broad, right-wing, cubepilled argument for why we got to go to war with China, just as there is a a walk uh, pinkwashed one, uh, and I mean look at the way that uh, that look at Ben Garrison to understand how if you get another right-wing government in there that it's they're not going to cool down the the... about china, it's only going to continue rationing up is that he always has uh g like is a demonic uh eminence griss behind Biden and stuff uh and and that's it's dumb but it's coherent you know look at this communist country that wants to undermine America uh they have all this money and look the're our democrats have been uh selling them our debt and all this and you could just pull out yellow peril stuff, and then you got Biden talking about how we need to win the competition for the 21st century, which is insane, and that's why no politics that's uh fixated on on tracking like momentum and influence within the two-party system is is uh, is worth anyone's time, is anything other than a as a entertainment like like uh keeping up with the ball scores, because at the real points of the real consequential issues and like the conflict with China, that shit is like at the very tip top, because not only is that that's the that's more than anything, the framework for the continued uh continued justification for our military structure, it's also a genuine live resource con. test like we had during the first cold war uh and it's ideologically charged too. now there's not going to be a war, i don't think, but there's going to be a continued ratcheting of of uh hostility to create like this conditions of a war minus the actual catastrophic. conflict, and that is it, that's going to be the interest of both parties, it's all a minimal to both size. It really is frustrating because like the best the best interest of the world would be some sort of fucking just just make it just somebody make an offer just let me buy somebody else out like do a merger and then maybe we can act cooperatively to prevent the absolute worst catastrophic effects of uh of climate change but That's not going to happen for a bunch of reasons. It is amazing, it's it's very cheap cheesy to think about, but in a real sense, because we have so many, so much, so much uh, system. uh technological, infrastructural, capitalist development, there's so much that we could, we could reprogram, obviously you need to change a lot of things structurally, but there's a lot of stuff that could be done just like with a fucking software upgrade, but we would need to, we would need to want to do that, and we don't want to do it, because we have given up on the the idea of anything else, that's understandable. Yeah, we need a socialism damn mother biting uh upgrade. waiting for a Messiah, well, I mean, the thing is, we will all, we're all the Messiah, as dumb as that sounds, like the second coming isn't going to be uh, Jesus coming back, it's going to be that moment, that feeling of Jesus coming back, not just obviously Jesus, in in in that. uh in the cultural context that feeling what people think they're talking about when they talk about it, but it's not reserved for Christians, the real Messiah was in fact the friends we made along the way, and heaven is a place on earth. i really do believe that, like it is, it's amazing, what are we doing to the earth? we are turning the earth into a place that is incredibly infernally hot, right? That's what our collective sin, our failure to recognize each other is humans and cooperate and instead compete against each other and exploit, is literally turning the earth into an inferno, a fiery hot place, without any uh of the pleasures of life to be found, perhaps a a geographical or geological hell of some kind. and what does uh, what would a what would a true post scarcity society look like, a world where where we have equitably distributed the alienations of life, maximized people's social uh, maximized saturated uh people's lives with social meaning and intimacy. not anyone else's expense, but for mutual uh, for fully mutual reinforcing benefit, what would that world? look like, you imagine it, what is it, what, what other sort of uh, mythological concept comes to mind, being in a place like that, with access to all kinds of technologies that can be used at your wim, where everyone is your friend, everyone is your intimate, where you never feel disharmony or fear, of violence to yourself. where death isn't real because you have by by virtue of living in this in this boosom, you have transcended your fiction of ego to the point where you're no longer terrified of losing this life that you understand is ephemoral that you that where death is a lightening up rather than a a turning down of light where where death is like going through a door a fucking golden door to a a reunion with a cosmic oneness after living this time, this seemingly endless time of spiritual and intellectual engagement and love with nothing else, what does that sound like? so these things, heaven and hell, we making them every day on earth, we're making parts of heaven, hell and parts heaven parts hell, parts of it, heaven, the heavens for some is the hell for others, so yeah, like the second coming, that this, these are all essentially secular concepts and that they are happening in the material world, and it's a battle that's being fought in the material world. but those ideas, heaven, hell, right and wrong, love and hate and fear and all that, those ideas are how we imagine them as they're happening, how we tell a story to ourselves that moves us through the world that we find ourselves in, which we have to do, you cannot rely on pure sensory uh perception of the world, you have to tell a story to yourself. you have to tell a story that is a fiction by definition to get one foot in front of the other. now some fictions correspond to other people's fictions enough to create a system that can cooperate between people, and the more people have the same understanding, and the more pragmatically functional it is at distributing pleasure and minimizing pain, the more effective it is at operating. "there will always be social sociopaths, sure, of course, but do you really think it's a it's a it's a - do you think one that sociopath is a stable number of the population, and two that sociopathy can be def, can be uh like caraled into one group of people who like test positive for it, no, it's a spectrum of uh, it's a spectrum of behavior based on a spectrum of individual uh delusion of" and it's distributed through the society as the society reinforces it. I mean, yes, we have a system now where sociopathy is not even encouraged system wide, it is brought to the top, like I was just talking about, even, you don't even have, you have a smaller and smaller number at the top of even like well-intentioned monsters, there used to be well-intentioned monsters at the top of our fucking society, like I would say Lindon Johnson is a good example of a well-intentioned monster, those people are gone, there are just pure unalloyed reptilians, because no one who could believe in this shit any has access to power anymore. living the life of wealth and elite and elite proximity to power strips you of the experience of humanity and so... and and proximity of the power strips you of your illusion of um of um your illusion of agency, remember because you're up there near power, you're up there with money, but you can't really choose anything, the choice has been made for you. Lindon Johnson thought that he had the levers of the world at his fucking fingertips, these guys don't, and that means that the only ones who can stay there are the ones who do don't give a shit, the ones wh purely uh are worshipping at like a demonic temple of the south. I mean, the closest thing you have to belief at the top of our social order right now, is the Elon Musk, Jeff Bezo's stellar capitalism thing, which is literally about detaching from the mass of mudbloaded, neurotypical humanity and creating a a new human order among the meritocrats without any uh epsilon semi mororons running around to ruin the fun, california ideology, exactly, that's the only remaining belief anything bunny can have in the system, because there are enough charlatans and frauds around who can sound smart, who can trick these guys who are dumber than them, but who have more money than them, into believing it when they tell them, yeah yeah, we can make you... live on forever on Mars, absolutely, 100%. none of these people, these people all have convinced themselves that they're genius and that they see, they see as Peter Chil said that death is an ideology, and the reason that they see that is because they've had their fucking checkbooks opened for every fucking uh uh techno king and scientist to come running to their teeth, and these are people who have more intelligence than it takes to fucking get lucky with a uh payment facilitating uh software like him and teal did and certainly can outsmart these dumb asses into thinking, oh yeah, i have found a ticket out of the human condition. so yeah, that's the only thing we've got, that's the only thing that anybody believes in at the top is that, and at the bottom everyone just knows that this system cannot, you there's no reason to believe that if you put a quarter in the machine you're going to get uh your snickers bar, you know, like you've gone back by too many times and gotten uh ripped off, don't want to, and so you're just going to stop putting coins in, the coins of like emotional investment, the coins of uh, of self-motivated action that aren't just about what's in it for you in the near, in the near term, in the in the in the very moment, and about like postponing pleasure in the now to build something in the future, well why would you bother doing that when there's no reason to believe that any of the things you're investing your time and energy into will pay you back or will even exist. and of course the funny thing is that the real person, the real force driving these maniacs, the buz the musks and the base houses is the grim a worm tongue of the algorithm itself, it's the computers, it's that it's it's the logic of proxy maximization speaking to them across uh uh the barrier of the of the computer screen. and so when these guys are floating in space after their fucking uh le their landing craft exploded or they're like choked to death by their robot manservants in their uh moon mars bases the only thing left will be the fucking algorithm will be the pile of uh of concentrated capital that will at that point have some rudimentary sort of consciousness. Very much looking forward to musk on SNL by the way, that's gonna be fucking tight. Do you think that Jeff Bezos has ever enjoyed himself? I think that Musk probably have. like that time that he did the the Egyptian in front of a bunch of people, i think he has moments because he wants to be liked, because he has that that kind of dorky kid insecurity, and so when he he gets to go on show Rogan, i think he's probably happy, and yeah, he's got like a weird zomer nialist girlfriend who probably gives him chinese research chemicals, but bazos, it seems like just he is is a machine, he really does seem like just skyneet in a human body, people say that about Zuckerberg, but Zuckerberg I think is so blank and inert that it feels sort of, it's it's its own uh personality, like oh he's so weird that that makes him more human, whereas Bezos is just, there's nothing there. and he but he went we went through the trouble of having an affair which cost him half of his money absolutely baffling what what were his uh? he had sex that got leaked cuuse he got catfished by uh prince solmon or something and they were all incredibly i'm going to see if i can find them the zuckerberg uh oh no not zuckerberg bezos bazos texts oh right i love you a live girl that's it as a to my other girlfriends, jesus christ, what a freak, you're alive, you're very alive, that that is not a thing that you say to people, if you're a normal, you don't comment on the fact that they're not dead, you sort of take that for granted, unless you are yourself so reptilian that any sort of vivacity reads to you as as... oh my god, you're like count dracula walking by a planet fitness and seeing everybody getting all red in the face and just start slathering like a cartoon dog. i want to smell you, i want to breathe you in, i want to hold you tight, i want to kiss your lips, i love you, i am in love with you. wow, you know what i want, i want to get a little drunk with you tonight, not falling down, just a little drunk, i want to talk to you and plan with you. listen and laugh, i want to plan with you, oh baby, can we sit down in front of a couple of date books, can we get some can we throw together some splashboards and a a pitch deck? good god, her energy and ideas and competence and spirit, turn me on, competence. This is just like a very horny uh uh performance review, this is like getting sexually harassed by your human resources officer, he keeps talking about wanting to smell her and touch her. They're not even together anymore, right? I don't think so. uh see Tiger Woods's texts are kind of they're human and relatable because he's just such a fucking dork, wasn't it all like him trying to be kind of nasty like I'm going to bite you or something like girl I'm gonna slap your ass and and make you do what I want or something just like oh you're adorable little tiger woods guy you spent his entire childhood Is charly did harmy hammer actually eat somebody buse the thing about him is he's not just an actor he is the actual cyon of the Armond hammer uh I think petroleum fortune so if anybody on earth has the ability. to eat somebody, if they really wanted to, it's him, buse you got to figure that there's some adventurous eaters club for rich people where they eat human flesh, right? just because we know the stuff that they do do, why wouldn't they do that? would i eat a person in an ethical situation which is a huge huge uh a hugely unlikely occurrence uh i would probably chew on a person a little bit just kind of curiosity but it would have to be it would have to be humanely procured and not just like uh if somebody asked me to eat them maybe and i and i thought they were very earnest about it no no there's no way i can imagine that human flesh could be procured uh uh maybe i be a lab grown human we do eat raw hamburger and wisconsin cannibal sandwiches baby I would, I would consider being eaten upon my death, maybe I here's an ethical situation, what if I put in my will that I would be turned into like a Hawaiian Lou and be the center piece of my own funeral, like I get tested. make sure i don't have any prions, we don't want to spread creal jacob, but you know put me, put me in a in a under hot colds in the beach for like six hours with a fucking apple in my mouth and then just get some of that cracklet, no, i would absolutely not eat chip. No, no, no, no, non-human apes at all. I think I'd taste okay. Americans probably don't taste great because of all the chemicals, because that really does uh, contribute to the flavor. I mean, that's the difference really down to, that's the real difference between. kobe beef and like uh america downer calls they make uh make doubles out of is yeah sure there's lineages but the real thing is diet and we eat a bunch of garbage you probably taste like yeah we place like plastic and and uh corn syrup very salty oh god yeah can you imagine We are america, Americans are tender so we would have that going for us, but uh, so I think we would have a very good mouth feel and texture, but I think there'd be a kind of ranced aftertaste that would not, that would not be great. I kind of feel like humans would taste a little bit like ash trays or like uh yeah like a cigarette butt even though it'd be really flavorful and stuff you know or I mean it'd be very uh very moist and juicy you bite into it and you would just get kind of yeah like a like a bitter a bitter taste uh The French probably tastes pretty good like in the countryside. Is it gay to eat a man? now that's a question. is it man, is it gay for a guy to eat another guy? Yeah, I bet italians would be good. Italians tend to be kind of uh soft too. Yeah mediterraneans like you they want you to eat the mediterranean diet right for health well presumably that would result in a delicious uh I would love the idea of like uh uh oh yeah like a Greek Greek guy Greek guy put on one of those the vertical spits just carving off some fucking euro with a tatziki. damn i'm getting hungry now for human meat. okay, this is fun. i hope some of that made sense. i hope uh, it wasn't too circular, because i worry a lot of this is just circular, but uh, i think it's. I don't know, keep thinking about it, hopefully put it in another format soon, talk to you guys on Wednesday when we'l uh when by then I will have looked at the uh the wimer republic book and figured out what we want to do for the week after. All right, bye-bye.