 right about now funk soul brother check it out now the funk soul brother right about now the funk soul brother check it out now the funk soul brother all consumers all consumers all consumers all consumers right about now the funk soul brother right about now the funk soul brother check it out now the funk soul brother consume all consumers all consumers right about now about now about now about now about now about now right about now the funk soul brother check it out now the funk soul brother right about now the funk soul brother check it out now the fuck soul brother b and we loved fat boy slim didn't we? for a brief time, a brief, a brief moment, he was our national bard really, a little pig-faced British man at a piano, talking about the funk soul brother, talking about praising you, uh, weapons of choice, oh man, don't ask me about the floating rock, I have no fucking idea, I'm not a science guy, don't call me that, I'm not Bill'. I'm uh, I'm remarkably narrow in my understanding of the of the world, like not even understanding because obviously that's not existent for anyone, certainly me, but rather uh, for even like competence, you know, to uh, engage on it, it's mostly mystery, because I can't do math, and I just sort of as a lazy little turd was like, you know what, this is... and why should i try to do better? yeah, didn't really see the point in uh doing good anything when i was a kid, that has that feeling has persisted ever since and has got me where i am today, which is not a endorsement of me or my worldview, but rather a absolutely lacerating indictment of the world that i've emerged into that let me float like a tird through the fucking sewers into where i Okay, yeah, did I say something about Oppenheimer? Because I saw it, and uh, I thought it was pretty good, I liked it, I liked watching it, I think that it's uh, it's a little weird how it's balanced because it's very short uh, very short scenes up until the the bomb going off, and then as soon as you get to the the dueling uh conferences, uh, the scenes get longer or they feel longer anyway, uh, and you know that is an accurate way to to depict someone's life retrospectively, you know, it gets longer as you get closer to the end, it stretches out, you know, like in a singularity, uh, and we know our boy uh Nolen loves his time dilation, um, so I think the latter half it drags a little bit, although the latter half does have my favorite scene in the movie, which is Gary Oldman's demonic. pick Harry Truman uh, just being fully contemptuous of Oppenheimer's uh pretentions of moral ambiguity uh and I think people have said like some people have interpreted that scene as uh Harry Truman uh wanting the credit for the bomb and others are saying no you know he's he's uh he's indicting Oppenheimers uh cowardice and the thing is it's it's they're both true you know uh like there is the horror of the realization of this guy who had convinced himself we have to build the bomb so that people will be properly afraid of it coming face to face with who people in charge are and who how they are not people who give a shit about any of that stuff in fact they are people who are turned on by the prospect of mass death and who are going to be morbidly compelled to move closer and closer towards it that's who accumulates around power. but also like there is something more virtuous to Truman's, maybe psychopathic acceptance of responsibility, I dropped the bomb, didn't fucking cry baby because i don't see how anybody can see the movie is as being uh is excusing oppenheimer's character is deeply deeply critical of him as a character he is a uh cypher and a coward throughout and that's the kind of person who gets bent to that's the kind of person whose genius and abilities get bent to the will of a uncaring and impersonal machinery. and like even a guy like Harry Truman, he is a demonic hill billy, but he is also trapped in gears, and to me the best part of the movie is that Nolan's limitations as a filmmaker, his literal mindedness, it limits his ability to really try to get across what he is trying to emotionally, which is the reality of the the machine world that the bomb was a harbanger of. a machine world that was built by a bunch of people with their with some variety of good intention, but that intention mixed with personal selfish interest alchimizing into being this this uh alien machine consciousness powered by literally the sun, a god if you will, a new god on earth, and the people who built it, none of them were seeking its creation, they were seeking some other horizon, but while the... eyes were on that horizon, they were in with their hands building something terrible, and Nolan can't really get at what he's trying to come across because like I said he is too literal minded, he gets, he has a few uh moments of artistic license like when the hand the black, the gloved hand is briefly shown drowning his girlfriend, his communist girlfriend, and when you know he gets his panic attacks and the screen starts to shake and it gets light, but uh for the most part you know he's stuck in his his literal register and but he's gesturing towards it, he's reaching beyond his grasp and just seeing him go for it kind of highlights the the the shadow shape that he's trying to gesture towards. a lot of people have compared it to oliver stone and i think that is app comparison because but he does not have the lyric heart of oliver stone and the... will and the uh willingness to be embarrassing basically that uh stone had, the earnestness, the lack of calculation, the hot blood running through his veins, but even then it's it's even the fact that even Nolen, a director is cool as Nolan is trying to sketch this thing out, makes it presence all the more resonant and dreadful when the movie ends. like i get the purpose of the strause character and the Straus turn, which is, oh, here's another guy who is motivated by a combination in his mind of best intention and uh, self-interest, destroying Oppenheimer, the same way Oppenheimer destroyed all those Japanese people uh, and he will in turn be destroyed, like that is the reason that that's in there, buse you have to show that this is not just one tragedy, that this is the tragedy. of modern life, being brought down by your adherence, your unconscious adherence to a machine of destruction that and that destruction includes you, but it probably went too long, i i think they could have probably trimmed it, uh, the bomb was nice, and uh, somebody says my favorite side character, you got to go, with my boy uh David Crumholtz uh as Isador Rosen was his name uh I never heard of that guy but uh now he's awesome and uh because Crumholt brought it and I I think I've said this before but I love watching Crumhalts his career because he's about my age and I remember him when I was a kid he was a kid he was in like Adams family values having a hard crush on Christina Richi and I was like join the club and then we age the same time and like when i was into appatow movies as a guy of my uh demographic was basically bound to be because you know i'm not a rebel i'm not a i'm not outside the system i am a a product of it i am a piece of i am a fucking pringle uh he was like a knock-around guy with the appet crew and i'm like hey crumhs and now though he's like aging into a real like fat classic fat guy character actor like can play a authority figure or a lawyer or a scientists with like a bit of humor, but also gravitas, and I compare him to like the millennial Saulbeneck, and he's he is like saw Rubenek in um. uh buster scrugs, so yes, love my crumholds, so yeah, I would say uh, thumbs up to Oppenheimer, probably one of his better films for sure, but also you know, it is what we can make right now, you know, and that does mean this sort of uh, middle brow you know engagement with the past, like that's that's what money can get you nowadays, and it's like, it's one thing when that's one thing of a bunch of stuff you can get, but when it's the best thing you can get, it really does speak to a general decline in cultural production, and when i say that that is not just me being a grumpy old man, i mean it is looking at the material, the the economic reality of uh media has changed in fundamental ways, we still have media. and you could argue that it serves the same function it has historically, but the media that I think of when I say media is declining, but I mean for my own sake i'm also happy that Open herm are succited because uh, I know anything I would want to create would be about that era as well, like that 20 year period when... that the the uh uh the the being that was birth by the defeat of Christ at Armagedden uh aka the end of World War II uh at this point like documenting its uh existence is is sort of a bliak docu drama. If you want to get creative and artistic in any way you really have to look backward at least I think so I'm not or I'm not certainly not. imaginative and good enough to go beyond that, so it's like everyone who's left, still wants to pay for media is going to want to hear a story about how we got here, oh uh, somebody asked upton sinclair movie, instead of a straight biography of Upton Sinclaire, which would be very interesting because he was a fascinating guy, and an example, he's like a signal figure to like tie the puritan tradition to like modern American and socialism, like there is a strain of American leftism that is not marxist really, and that was born in the communitarian inpulse of early New England and was then nurtured by the congregationalists who then became universalists and then became by the 19 or late 19th century spiritualists and eventually became sort of new-age secularists. and a guy like upton sinclair, another guy like Henry Wallis like exemplify that, but upton sinclair is more even more interesting because he embodies the woo-woo element of it too, because like he was big into, he wasn't just a socialist, but he was also big into uh telechinesis, he wrote a book about communicating with people's mind to mind called uh spirit radio, I believe, which had a endorsement in the front by Albert Einstein, although it's very condescending, he's basically like, well you don't really know anything about any. things so this isn't any more ridiculous than any of the other stuff, but I think it even more interesting take on the character would be an adaptation of a great book by uh Chris Batchelder called US. I think I might have mentioned it uh recommended on stream before, that would be a good movie to make, it's it's about a eternal up inclair who keeps getting dug up and executed by right wingers and then unburied uh and then shot again. and you now he's a metaphor for the American left in general, it would be, and it gets at what like what a weird guy he was. You know, he had uh, he didn't just write like uh, expos, although that was his bread and butter. Uh, he also wrote a series of sort of like espionage novels with this character lannie Budd that were big like best sellers when they came out, and I think he want to pull a surprise for one of them uh and now are I think almost entirely out of print, but he wasn't uh great, he wasn't a great writer, you know, because that writing wasn't his first impulse, it was social change, and the book, US is largely about the difficulty of trying to do political art, it's interesting. because you think about the end the epic campaign in 1936 when he ran for governor and um you see the way that the... uh capital in California played hardball in that election, like the way that uh the Hollywood Big Wegs were, they were literally doing fake news, they made the first like propaganda pseudo news reals to show like hobos are coming from around the country to vote for Upton Sinclaire so that they can get a free meal uh and they docked their employees pay, including all the big stars to uh donate to the republican non-entity, was just like a complete husk, Frank Meriman and how they were able to overcome uh sinclare's huge lead early on after the primaries uh by swamping him and how you know he couldn't really respond and you think oh if only he'd been a harder character if he'd been been less of a woolly headed idealist goofball but who else could embody that message at that time realistically who's going to get a major party as opposed to a zone of constant, non-stop class conflict, and the government as some sort of uh all class coalition affair that uses democratic means to pursue ends, policies rather than the dictatorship of the bourgeois, but the book isn't really isn't about his life, it's it's yeah this fictional zombie up to inclair, but it's it's very good too, who would play upton in a body biopic? that's a good question, we need a big lanky guy, honestly the same, the same answer, whoever you whatever answer you gave would probably also apply to uh Eugene Deb's bio biopic because they're both fucking they're both tall patrician looking string beans even though uh upton sinclair was like from the declining New England aristocracy uh and uh debs was like from the from the midwestern uh pioneer stock but they both kind of look similar. god damn it, i'm on the wrong page, where are you? Ah, oh, did I get rid of it? I got rid of the chat. There it is. Deb's. the family actually was uh were from money but you know they were relatively recent immigrants as opposed to sinclairs who uh were old time like mayflower types I haven't seen Barby yet I will though I know I have to I know that you if you see one you are declaring war on the gender of the other and I don't want to declare war on ladies so I would... uh, I will see it, but I have not yet, playing around in the in the uh, the petroleum graveyard bequed to us by the nuclear age, like that that creature, that techno machine powered by the sun that Openheimer helped give life to at the end of World War II, it took the world from us and what it left us with is a uh to live in a sandbox of its turds, and that's what I'm going to bring to Barbie, like, okay, you now, we're talking about mid-century toys, which is part of the process of building the consumer uh, heaven that the workers at the core of this new capitalist regime uh would be incentivized with. You know, like uh, the big big cars with fins for the dads and uh, little plastic dolls for the boys and girls, barbituets and frock coats for the mops. someone says that uh Elon Musk has had hair plugs 22 times, I believe it, I got to say that's how you know that uh that um in terms of like personal charisma. now like in a room with of the of the super billionaires, i hate to say it, but it's clear that bazos is like the alpha of that group, and one of the way you know that is that when his hair started falling out, he just shaved his head, and he was like, yeah, that's right, i'm a fucking rip reptile man on Hgh, meanwhile you got fucking uh musk stapling carpet samples to his forehead, that is you're coming from hunger, you are you are deeply insecure and you're never going to be able to command a room. bazos was from money and he famously got $100,000 loan from his parents to start amazon, uh, but he was, i don't think his parents were as well, i don't actually know if his parents were as wealthy as uh as Elons were, Zuckerberg I think was like from professionals right, his parents were like uh, college professors or lawyers or something, I believe. It'll be really interesting to watch uh, the the different rich people as they start taking Ozempic, and you sort of see them get weirdly thin. like not just thin but weirdly thin and just call it out as it's kind of spreading up and down the celebrity wheel and god bless them you know i don't uh i don't begrudge them their right to do so i don't think you should you know shame people at this point for just trying to get through, that is a big political difference uh, it's like to what degree is it, is it incumbat upon you to stand a thort folly and shoutt stop, how income isn't you to like say to to say that like social pathologies are real, and i got to say, not very, because all you're doing is wrapping yourself in a flag of righteousness and branding yourself as one side or another of a affective culture war, that doesn't make anybody's life. better either and that it's just another brand of uh of of pathological solus seeking. okay, somebody asked about the west africa. situation and this is one where i don't really know that much, but i think this isn't, i i want like to know the answer to this question uh and how people have like metabolized this, so people have pointed out that all these generals who have been doing cous in the sahel got training by the United States, they were part of that core of officers that got uh picked out you know as as the uh colonial administrators for American power. region, you know, but now you've got a situation where ecowas, which is an American cat's paw, like echoas is part of the whole NATO complex of American hegemonic military force deployment is now threatening to invade Niger uh to overthrow uh their cou government and these guys are apparently collaborating with Wagner group dudes. So does this mean then that the rubric that has said historically anytime you see a formerly uh some group that was formerly trained by the United States doing a coup doing some sort of bad thing that it is on American orders, like the classic example of this are the zetas uh in uh Mexico who were special forces uh operators from Mexico who had been intensely trained by the United States to be the point of the spear of the Mexican uh war on drugs and they promptly took their talents to the Gulf cartel and then eventually became their own cartel noted for their extraordinary ruthlessness much like Isis. in the uh post Iraq uh civil conflict in Syria. And in ISIS, what do you have? You have a leadership that was in the case of the original ISIS, imprisoned in American military uh prisons, in the case of the the ISIS in uh Afghanistan, that is now at war with the Taliban, our old. enemy uh you've got guys who like were literally on American who got American training and were on the American payroll and worked for American approved warlords and that does look to one that one what does look like to one from one perspective by this seamless garment of oh you know it is in the interest in any one of these uh uh unstable situations to control both ends of the of a dynamic by having a side you have uh chosen backed and then also having a um a control over like the most violent element so that it can be directed and then its existence can be used to justify further spending and involvement like that's all that all makes sense it all tracks but then you got these fucking guys in the sahel who are taking their American training to south. is that part of the same plan or can sometimes American uh assets turn? now the way i think you could distinguish this if you wanted to save your premise is that the distinction between these things is that now for the first time guys like the generals and kernels that we train in the Sahel, see an alternative to American higem to pursue, an alliance with, and because now Wagner standing in for Russia and and the the prospect of China out there willing to spend, to develop African countries, now gives these guys an incentive to turn against their former masters, whereas in previous situations those forces that Americans were backing had really nowhere else to go. perhaps, i don't know, that's why i don't sit from my partch and point out sciops and fucking operations, because how the fuck do i know, all i have is a rubric to apply, but the very thing about these rubricks, heuristics is that they guide an encounter with evidence that i'm not going to have, because i'm not going to find anything out really about what's going on anywhere, and i feel like it'd be. more healthy if more people understood exactly how limited their perspective is, no matter how expensive it appears through the glamor through the fucking lens of uh of the internet, and when you're at that distance, all that you can see is the fucking uh is the image is is is the thing, like it's like if you think of a heuristic as like a target you know like a crosshare. on a scope and then you're trying to like you know beat in on something, you're so fucking far away from what you're looking at and so close to the fucking lens that all you're seeing is the big cross in the middle and everything else is blurry and then you're describing that like it's the world so i am happy to say i have no idea that's just something i thought was interesting and that's all i'm here to do is to be mildly interesting to be more be more to be a more entertaining option. staring at the wall for the people who tune it, as always the messages do... not invest in these things - as part of an identity, as a way to interact with other people, as a way to guide your understanding of you, the life you you live as opposed to the life that you uh encounter, in a pseudo form, and again this is just me reminding myself, do not get carried away, it does seem uh like the Ukrainians uh that whole thing is not going well though, not seeing even the Ukrainian sources, the pro-ukrainian sources like the New York Times are even kind of admitting that it's not going great, and when you consider how fervently they were in unison and insisting that Ukraine had this for them to now be like, goddamn, we tried to train these people so that they could do combined arbs assaults and now they're all getting their asses kicked so they just went back to walking artillery up and down the fucking field and launching missiles which are fucking finite way cheap way more expensive. than fucking ak rounds you motherfuckers, come on, you're running, we're running out of fucking uh ammo, although i got to feel like for now that is still an endless well to to have - to dump uh surplus into, You know, I do wonder if it would do uh, if it would be to the rhetorical advantage of China maybe to uh, I guess not, the I I think yeah just for someone to articulate the idea that like, it's not the US is defending like a free world against a uh some sort of subordinated authoritarians uh, you know empire, uh, but it's also... epic third world is defeating Washington's uh uh America Kakan empire it is compete for spheres of influence you know in the 19th century pre-ideological sense but of course you point out that led to World War One and you're like ah shit yeah there's really no way out of uh out of the conflict unless and less technology saves us, that's really it, and it feels like ever and more are our the world that we're fed, I'm not talking about the world we, the life we live, the life we lead, but the life that we are fed is filled with these tokens of annihilation and uh political annihilation and natural annihilation or technological salvation, and I think it's is not the point is not to pick one or the other, the point is to accept them as both, the the poles generated by a giant social psychey encountering a real mental break, and and going through a mental break, towards or away from one or another versions of the future, not one or another of course, infinite, but like broad strands, like how it's going to turn out, and it's going to... look different than it is now, but that process is a continuous one, and it does not, it is not made up of a final irrevocable break, it's made up of smaller breaks that are then after they happen, assimilated into a new normal, and and we continue to be suspended between those two poles, between salvation and damnation, and then we all get our individual salvation or damnation or... uh both one than the other, that's my theory, uh, damnation first, then salvation, uh, we all get it individually, but like the the the social uh apotheosis we seek is not coming, and if that's not going to happen, because as I said, that battle was already fought and we lost, then how do we uh, gather together? as many people to uh experience something other than that in their lives, something other than the continued march to annihilation, and that only comes if you have something else that defies the world is fed to you, the world that you can that you are choosing to consume also, it's not just being forcefed, people think of it in those terms, oh you're force feeding me this ideology, no, this is a mutual relationship, it's a it's a it's a nectar, it's a it's a nepenthi, it is opium, but not just in the in the... pathological sense of opium, but in the sense marks used it at, as a soother of pain, pain that must be soothed for life to continue. Yeah, it's like, oh, aliens are just going to show up at the fucking UN and fix everything, we're going to get room temperature super colliders and we think the accumulation means that apotheosis is near, but we are absolutely uh, the one thing we cannot really reckon with in when we're trying to... consider a moment in time is that over time the ability to accommodate a more and more granularly populated data set where vital stuff is pushed out to make room, but where the the the it is essentially an endless input until of course everything gets clogged up and then you explode, and that is what we're all in the process of doing, but those explosions because we are deatomized. and we are depoliticized, they do not, that that explosion does not pressure, power a like a piston action, the way it does in a revolutionary situation, it's just dispersed because there is no vessel to contain it, those vessels have been destroyed, what comes next is an organic remergence of something that is not maybe a automobile, but is a social and biological machine. capable of survival and that will emerge like fucking roots and uh and and weeds growing up through that the cracked engine of a junked car. Yes, skilled navigators, that's what we need, we need people to uh, eat this stuff and let it poison them, but then also spew it, and uh, you know what, what a coincidence, I think I'm just the man for the job, I get to keep doing this in any world, uh, what a I am so lucky, what, what, what are the odds that I and perfectly positioned to do the right thing, god, what a coincidence, better not think about that too hard. All right, let's do another fun thing to do that's just fun, it's just fun, like I said, more fun than looking at your uh, more fun than looking at twitter, although you might be doing that too, more fun than looking at twitter and watching something else, I guess, more fun than whatever menial task you're doing while you're listening to this, and that's all again that I uh can aspire to, so we got one more pack, another pack here, we have more than one, but this is today's pack of go for trading cards, we've got a military asset, the a7 corser, this is pretty cool looking, corser of course, an old time way to say pirate, the barbary corsers, first loan in 1965, the A7 has been phased out... well shit, why am i even talking about it then? after long service to both the US air force and the US navy, that modern version can carry more than f 15,00 pounds of an armament and has a reputation for delivering its weapons on target. oh, well that's good. for operation desert storm 287s were deployed in the Persian Gulf. so this guy's this guy is out of here, bye-bye, manufacture LTV core, speed 793 mph, range uh 900 and 43 miles uh combat armament 120 millimeter gun variety of missiles including sidewinder, maveric strike, harm or bomb? one man crew, we love one of those, yes the corse air, specifically as someone points out, always a muslim pirate, like i said the barbary corsers uh, and muslim piracy was a good gig, uh, it's like one of the best things that could happen to you if you like were. a uh catholic child in a like calabrian village is that a fucking barbery corser would roll up, you get abducted, you get brought onto a ship, they convert you to Islam, and if you have a little bit of gumption, if you had a little get up and go, in only a few years you'll be in command of your own motherfucking corse air and stacking duckets, and also what a way to convert someone to a religion. you know, like sure, they probably didn't uh necessarily believe it when you did it to them as a children child on uh forcefully, but after hey, I accepted Allah and now I am... fucking making it here, of course you're gonna be uh, you're gonna be convinced, yep, that all, he's way better than Jesus, I was, I was fucking mucking stalls with Jesus around, fuck him, all right, we've got the uh, fighting ship, the USS Ranger, the USS Ranger, Ranger, commissioned in 1957, the USS Ranger was the first ship designed exclusively as an aircraft carrier. uh, of the Forest Stall class, she is larger than her sister carrier in the Persian Gulf midway by more than 10,000 tons, holy crap, why were we even reading about midway earlier? fuck them, the ranger ordered to the Persian Golf in November 1990, carries an assortment of 85 aircraft, homeport is San Diego, displacement 79,200 tons, full load, length 1,39 feet, speed 33 knots, aircraft, 85 and a crew of 6,200 89, it doesn't say any marines though on this one, interesting, I guess there's no law on the ranger, there's no one to throw you in the brig if you want to get nasty. okay, we got an intelligence files here, rank, very important to the military, very important to the military, got to say uh, it's it's not a great sign for communism that or at least some of the you know a... associated assumptions around communism as it's been practiced historically that every time a army abolishes rank they end up reinstituting it one way or the other, it's like when you're when you're trying to kill get people killed, you really cannot abide to talk about who's going to get killed, because the uh at that point there is full conflict between each member of the group, because It's a zero sum game of dying or not dying, and uh, you can't have unicohesion at that point. Military rank is the position in a chain of command through which information and orders are transmitted. For the non-naval forces, the basic positions from top down are general, colnel, major, captain, lieutenant, sergeant, corporal and private. For the US Navy, the officer positions are admiral, captain, commander, lieutenant and Enson, intermediate ranks exist between some of these positions. Some. says, some people say it hasn't happened that often, well yeah, communist revolutions are relatively rare in history, I mean, they've only been possible in the last like less than 200 years anyway, um, but you know, the bolschevic army, the red army started off, the bolchevic revolution was in large part a soldiers revolt among conscripted fucking peasants, and one of the things they immediately insisted on was we're not gonna fucking salute anybody and take orders from some fucking Aristo, and that did not last. the uh anarchists tried to do uh sort of non-hierarchical militias and that did not last either, yes they were sort of forced to by the communist uh bourgeois government, the the the popular front between the bourgeois and the communist um but you know they were a lot they they were unable to defeat that if if it's if it's if it works it should work against guys who really you know have they've horded the weaponry from the soviets, but it's not that much of a of a uh of a conflict, I mean it's not that much of a, it's not wildly out of size, and you got a big number of guys in concentrated in places like Aragon and and in Catalonia, but they just they couldn't, they could not, the big test was in May when the communist came for the socialist or the anarchist. uh social power when it they came for their control of infrastructure uh and control of military units and the uh control of production among the cooperatives, they could not marshal a defense, their grassroots wanted to fight, but the leadership could not realistically imagine coordinating them, and so they saved their own asses, which leadership is always going to do, and even the anarchist ended up with leaders because you were in a fucking crisis, you were in a... moment of complete extremity, and those are the moments when historically hierarchy is temporarily essential. some says the spanish civil war makes you really feel like the entire project is doomed, and that is a very interesting thing to say, because I think that that to get Bill Clinton on it. for a second, I believe that is 100% accurate as long as we agree on what the term the project is. now if we describe the project narrowly as the christ, the... christian socialist vision of uh of of transcending class society through the app through socialization and the application of technology, we want to call it that, that project, i believe that was a 20th century project that was defeated over the course of the 21st century, starting gun fired in Sarajevo in 19. uh 14, the the tide turning, the the the uh battle, the most meaningful battle, the outcome determining battle being won at the end of World War II, and then the final uh, the final route uh in the early 90s with the end of the Soviet Union, and the the Spanish Super War really does exemplify exactly why that project failed, and the big the big reason, and this is what... thesis of my Spanish Civil War series I'm writing right now is is it comes down to uh the the spatial and temporal shape of the communist movement the however you want to define it incorporating not a specific agenda but a generalized idea that animated people everywhere to one degree or another either in opposition to or in support of polarized. towards, and of course, the way they act is contradictory, sometimes it helps that cause, sometimes it hurts it, sometimes it can do both at the same time. today christian is a made up term, but uh, the idea of the a monotheistic uh, a monono a monotheistic conception of of of the universe that puts... the self, one oneself defined as a member of a group at the center of it begets the the intellectual lineage that is on top of the machine of capitalism that we live within, it's been developed over the centuries through that machine's operation, and it created within it contradictions, new emergence and counter-hegemonic notions, and socialism is the 19th century variant of that, like the... wars had been of the 16 1500s, but you have a situation where war takes a process that is happening nationally, at a given pace in every country, and forces them to confront the necessity of modern state building at the same moment. like everybody was getting to capitalism by their own speed, but then in 1914, that is no longer an option, speed has to be maximized, countries that are behind have to catch up fast, but they do not have the developed the capacities to do that, so their social organism is destroyed by contradictions, but different contradictions in each country. creating different oppositional frameworks, incorporating different elements of the society, whose encounter with capitalism is coming from a different perspective. in Spain specifically, you have people who are encountering the uh, they missed world war one right, Spain did, because they were so far behind that they didn't even bother competing, and because due to that fact their class war was kept a certain management level, which was, it was becoming unmanageable in the other countries, more developed countries of Europe. now Russia is of course even less developed than Spain, but it is more devoted to a territorial empire empire is crucial to its mode of production in the feudal sense, not in the uh modern imperial sense. and so it's slower in Spain, but you already by the by the 19 uh 40, by the 19 teens you have this anarchist movement emerge, among the most recently dispossessed peasants of the south, the people who went from having land to not having land anymore, and did not trade land for capital, the way that city dwellers and even the priests did after the introduction of capitalism through the external invasion of France. in 19 in 1808 that kickstarts the whole process because it's war that aligns that that brings a that takes a one pace of change and accelerates it to a standard pace. for change in order to meet a moment of conflict. now Spain avoids World War One, but it creates a boom in their economy as a result that raises expectation, connects these people even more thoroughly to modern media, to social technologies, so that by the 30's roll around, you have a situation where the dispossessed peasants, in other countries have been moved through a process of proletarianization to the... point where their emeshment in a modern state structure is taken not as a threat to their identity and the anniholation of all that is good, it is seen as sort of their natural environment, and the socialist horizon is a way to use that position to move through to a higher level of that development, but for the anarchists of the countryside and and in uh Barcelona uh that that modern subjectivity was an imprisonment, it had no positive elements to it, and among like in Catalonia, for example, you had these medium-sized textile concerns that ran the city and ran, ran the economy, but because they were able to exert protectionism all through the 19th century, they were not forced to uh come together into conglomerates, the way that freeer trading liberal states in the in Europe and the United and and also... in North America did, so they kept these smaller family firms that were not able to be like wired into a governing uh like a bureaucratizing um uh disciplinary structure like was built in the United States uh the progressive kind of cage on uh these newly built uh uh monarch uh monopolies because there's so concentrated they could be easily subborned. these regional uh little these little dictators, these little family mafias running the textile firms in uh Barcelona refused any deal with the workers and the state couldn't make them make a deal with the workers. the state couldn't make them ameliorate the conditions of the workers. all the state did was send civil guards to kill them and allow the owners to hire fake uh... union members, fake syndicalists who were essentially just criminals to shoot them in the streets and not have any consequences. so there is no, they had not been integrated in anything, and and in the countryside, the people who became the CNT base in rural, catalonia, and andalusia and Aragon, were the dispossessed of the countryside who were didn't even have the capacity, didn't have the uh uh spoons basically. to move to fucking uh Barcelona and get a factory job, instead they were idle for months and months and months in the countryside worked working only seasonally for the owners of the Latafundias the vast estates there uh and they were always on the very edge of uh starvation uh they they ate little and they lived in flee ridden barracks they wore sandals and straw hats, they were totally socially isolated, because in the cities like your professional class, they might very well like be of the former, they might have they might be like the child of a uh of someone came from the countryside to get a factory job, you know uh, they could have some sort of solidarity based on like that family experience with a worker and they could have a political uh sympathy with a worker uh because even in the in the cities workers you know... uh, they had a minimum standard of dress they were afforded by their positions, in the countryside, the divide between the landless workers, the burceros and everybody else, anybody with a job was so vast that there was no solidarity, like you might be a professional in a village, or a clerk or paper pusher or even a waiter, but you wear shoes, you wear a tie. and that puts you at a fundamental uh distance from the sandals and straw hats of the brucer, so they're totally isolated, not being integrated into capitalism with any kind of carrot, pure stick, so there by the time the spanish civil war crisis emerges, they are fundamentally resistant to the imposition of a state that marxists by this point who uh were entering their engagement, their final conflict with with uh capitalism. at a different point having been often factory workers for years if not generations, often being intellectuals often being a bureaucrats and professionals often getting benefits through their... with modernity and also confident that the state apparatus can be used for good and there is no reconciling those two perspectives because they are made by different times and places encountering capitalism at a critical moment when they're brought together by these new social technologies. I got off on a rant there, didn't I? um, now the what if that might have saved the uh republic is not the anarchists getting their shit together, it's what if the fucking western democracies had backed the republic, they had a real chance to win if France and the UK had supported them materially, had recognized franco's rising as illegitimate uh and and made solidarity, which the French popular front government, which was basically the same collection of marxists and bourgeois liberals that was ruling in that got that got overthrown or attempted overthrown uh in July of 36 in Spain, they at first made moves to supply Spain with arms, but England said no, because England's policy, and this is what undergird's appeasement and which is often forgotten about when discussing appease. Britain's policy was some sort of uh rapproachment with these with the fascist states against the Soviet Union, that's what they wanted. They wanted Hitler to settle down, take yes for an answer and orient towards orient towards conflict with the Soviet Union, but Hitler would take no for would not take no. for answer because you know fascism is this is the death drive, it's not going to allow uh, it it doesn't have, the people in it are again encountering capitalism at the same time and place as those fat cats in Whitehall, now like guys like Anthony Eden uh in the uh Foreign ministry like they personally some of them wanted the republic to win, they were rooting for the republic, but they didn't want to upset the apple cart and this... is where I'm sorry for the communist, the the the the the cause play communists to like look at the Spanish civil war and root and imagine they're on one side, they look they look at it and like, you dumb anarchists, you didn't realize that you needed to get your shit together, if we're going to win this thing we have to be coordinated uh and we have to like accept that this is that these are the the state is the the implement of this battle that we're having that there is no other zone of uh of conflict worth having. which I think is what was being slowly realized during that period, but too late because of the temporal spatial distinctions, but the the communists were uh kidding themselves too, they were kidding themselves, that there was a basic uh, a basic feeling among the um boujois states that fascism had to be defeated, that they saw... fascism is the same threat that communists did, and that is not the case, people say liberals always prefer fascists, it's like, that's it's, if that's true it is simply because liberals are not at the end scared for themselves under a fascist regime, and when i say that, i don't mean all liberals, i mean liberals where it counts, liberals in positions of power, they always believe that will not come for them because they believe that politics at the end of the day is kind of a game and i have my team, you have your team, i'm rooting for my guys, you're rooting for your guys, but at the end of every day we just get back and we we divide our spoils for the day, the profits that we've extracted, and the thing is there are right to think that, because fascism does have the same capitalist political economy powering it, liberals will see communism though as their annihilation. so no long-term deal can be made and yes eventually there was a point where the the the where England was like all right like we told you how much you can have and you're still going so you are now the you are as much as we want to orient against the soviets you are a greater threat right now to our interests you are coming for a you are trying to overturn a global economic and political order that we're at the top of you were not trying i know just trying to get your your snoot at the table of the empires, but it's too late, we already divided all this shit, you cannot do this, flag on the play, and they had there was this beautiful popular front moment when you could be a comic. and a good democrat in the United States for example and it was amazing and people wanted to last forever, but slowly but surely that the capitalist part of that coalition was working behind the back of their allies to secure a post-ward where the defeated quote unquote nazis and the defeated fascists were incorporated into a new front to dominate the former colonial world and prevent it from socializing its economy and the fucking the the the the uh spanish communists got found they found out too late when Madrid fell that they were just waiting for it to end and by that point everybody just wanted the war to just wind down because they all accepted war was going to come but they did not want it to happen where they were not anticipating it and Spain was always somebody else's baby by that point and they just wanted it to wind down before they found a real like uh action to orient around, and it's because everybody was caught in the Kobayashi Muru, it was an unwinnable war based on the way that the the tiles were flipped, you know, but to get way back to the the the question that somebody asked about you, does that mean that uh the project is is over? again, this is a project I'm describing, but we should not complate that, conflate that project with the human project, with the project of consciousness coming into awareness and encounter with itself. that project can never be defeated, that project is what lit the souls of everyone who was pushed in the right direction during those holy years, and it is what will start to burn again within all of us. and is, and yes, like Oppenheimer is a good example of this, Oppenheimer thought he was saving the world for the Nazis, but he was handing over the world to the nazis in the form of the capitalist Gargoil class that controlled fascist and democratic governments and which at that time had the communists along for the ride with, but the... communist had a faith in their basic humanity and to the general arc of history that turned out to be misplaced, because it was self-motivated, and I could argue, people get mad, but I could argue that that wrong turn was inevitable, the moment that the Soviet Union became the materialized vessel of... the communist horizon, we think of it as the thing that allowed for possibilities, and it did, but it also foreclosed other possibilities, and since we are now in the bakwash, I think we can say, without controversy, or it shouldn't be, that at some point this was lost, and that was when. What was the guy supposed to do though? I know that's the thing, it's nobody's fault everyone's acting according to what they think is the the terrain that they surround themselves with. We move through history and only in in the stillness, only in moments of stillness does like the greater shape illuminate us, and and allow us to feel it uh, and allows things to... merge to erupt, to break through a sort of a glacial determinism. yeah, fdr's body basically shut down because it could no longer handle the contradictions that he was trying to enhold uh to and embody. he was holding him within himself this entire coalition that was just breaking apart as the conflict was reaching its critical mass. okay, we beat the soviets. "we beat the Japanese, now what are we going to do about uh the economies of these countries, how are they going to be organized, where is power going to reside? that is the fatal conflict, and he was just standing and betwart it until his head exploded, and with like Lincoln was in the same position, and his head also exploded, and Kennedy." obviously a a I would argue a absolutely pale imitation of those two people and an evidence of just how like character is leached out of power over time and capitalism, but similar. like a thwart a barrel in terms of democratic governance of a secret nazi state and all their heads exploded like their their inability to manage the contradiction because remember if they did manage the contradictions they wouldn't be dead one way or the other FDR's health would have been better he wouldn't have had a uh FDR I think I've said this before but I believe his his blood pressure taken. before he went to warm springs Arkansas or Georgia where he died was like something like 350 over like uh 150, it was comically high, someone's pointed out before, I said this before, but yeah that that's that's just him fucking kettle, like one way or another the pressure destroying him, and with Lincoln and Kennedy, the the pressure uh evinced in this marshalling of hostility to him, and this is the important part. both of them reckless behavior, because Abraham, I would argue, going to the fucking cinema, sorry, going to the theater, Abraham going to the theater with one drunk sitting on a stool as the confederacy was riding its and dying on the battlefield, was asking for it, JFK refusing to put the bubble top on the... fucking uh Lincoln uh Lincoln remember it was a Lincoln he was driving and just being like now it's a beautiful day in Dallas let's get some fucking wind in our hair at the very moment that I'm threatening to smash that I'm threatening to if you believe in conspiracy stuff the very moment that he's threatening to smash the CIA into a thousand pieces or the very moment he's planning like uh the end of the cold war which I don't believe at all I think that is fantasy uh uh uh uh daddy worship that's like he if he's going to be that important a character uh he has to be that great a character and it's like no that is you wanting everything to be a storybook he can be kind of a dumb kind of a himbo who had like basically his heart in the right place who got in fucking way over his head because he didn't realize the country he was in charge of he doesn't have to be the guy who embodied an alternative to the fucking cold war but he has to if your ego requires it to be the case. but even if you don't think that everyone half the countryy hated Kennedy by that point because of the civil rights act that was in the offing and that he hadn't even passed yet there were there were uh there were newspapers that had wanted for treason ads posted by militias the fucking uh the minute man adley stevenson uh had been spit on and hit at a hotel in Dallas as you know uh Oliver stone by the way has um Donald Sutherland say all this stuff in his big speech in JFK to just highlight how how in danger JFK was but at no point does anyone say well how the hell didn't he think to be a little more careful and not just go along be led by his nose and then insist on leaving the bubbletop uh off. I can't handle this contradiction, my head will explode. This is also me narrating my own uh, hypochondria about the idea that I'm also going to have like a stroke and my head's going to cave in, and I think if it does happen, I don't, it could, it's probably neurosis largely, but it's probably based on some physiological thing, you know, but it could be way, years, years in the future, it could be. tomorrow, I don't, but either way, uh, I'll think of it in those terms, we're all eventually done in by our inability to face the contradictions of our lives, because we see a resolution of those contradictions as the annihilation of us, and we are so very addicted to us. All right, let's get through this quickly, uh, oh, Syria, our buddys in Syria, Syria has participated in the Arab or Israeli wars of, I think I had this one again too, it says that it adopted a radical stance in the Middle East of supporting international terrorism, and then it says despite these unfriendly positions towards the west, Syria is a member of the coalition. forces, which really does say no hard feelings, geographic area 71,498 square. population 12.6 million, language arabic, predominant religion, islam sunni, although there's a lot of uh, there's some aliwites in there, it's caused some problems, capital, Damascus, government type republic under a left-wing military regime, ah, remember they are the the bat, the arab bath socialist party, head of government, good old president, a real player, who kept it all together his whole life, but "the thing about that kind of personal union, unless you're giving birth to something different and sacrificing yourself in the attempt, if you hold on to it too long, you create a brittle inheritance that will crumble in the hands of your uh, your pr, your descendants, which of course is the process that we're in right now, which is why all of our media is about fail children, failing to live up to their parents." It's an understanding that that is why we cannot handle the crisis we're in, because even if we could use the machine we have to a positive purpose, the people who could do it have been uh completely uh edited out of power over time by the persistence of a aristocracy that clothes itself in merit, but which is as decadent and failed as any previous uh uh uh strictly uh, what's the word? uh, strictly herited, inherited, yeah, a strictly inherited uh, aristocracy, because you got like one, maybe two generations of mobility and merit under liberalism, and then it freezes. and we they say that thing about oh good men strong men all that bullshit it's like that framing is wrong because it it uh is it it it's it's um explanatory power is nil you're not explaining anything with that cycle you're just narrating a a a uh social transformation. what is driving it at every level, and it is the establishment, the uh perpetuation, and then the collapse of a underlying political economy that is inherently riven by social contradiction, and that overtime accumulates greater and greater social contradiction. one of the things that makes crisis inevitable though, is that crisis appears to a decadent leadership. at the very moment that leadership is most important and most potentially helpful, we again this is within a system, this is a within a leadership class, at that very moment, those uh traits that allowed for the establishment of the thing are now detrimental or absent. all right, bulgaria, oh my god, where do the bulgars have to do with anything? the bulgars, people's Republic of Bulgaria, I guess it hadn't fallen yet here, located on the uh black sea in the eastern section of the Baltic Balcan peninsula, Bulgaria is currently in a transitional state of government, yeah I bet if they're still calling it the people's Republic. It is of historic significance for being a country of shared influence from Greece, Asia, the near East and Western Europe. After 500 years as part of the Ottoman Empire, Bulgaria achieved Independence in 1908, it joined the United Nations in 1955. for the operation desert storm Bulgaria offered troops, that's interesting, it's saying they offered troops, not that they were accepted, they were like, hey, you want some troops, and we're like, we're good, we don't need bulgarian troops, they're only going to get in the way, we got to feed him, geographic area, 44,823 square miles. population 9 million languages, bulgarian, turkish and Greek, dominant religions, mainly atheistic or non-religious, damn youkamis, eastern orthodoxy, some islam and Roman catholicism. Capital Sofia, government type in transition. It's complicated, they should really have had it complicated on here. Head of government, president Andrey Lukanov. Whenever I think of Bulgaria. that there was a byzantine emperor called Basel the bulgar slayer, he knew what he liked, and it was uh, slaying fucking bulgars. We've got oh, an armor and artillery weapon, the M109 DSWS Howitzer, this guy looks cool, I love a howitzer, big thick barrel, it's a self-propelled howeter designed to add maximum mobility to the 155 millimeter howeter cannon and to provide artillery support for armored and mechanized infantry units in the field, in operation desert storm, the M109 was part of both the... and iraqi arsenals, how did that happen again? jesus, we keep doing that, they keep getting a hold of her weapons, they must be sneaking into fort brag and hotwiring it. manufacturer catala crisler, bmw. speed 35 mph, range 13.6 miles. armament, 155 mm cannon, 112.7 mm or 7.62 mm machine gun, crew six. damn, this is made by three different company. is really spreading the luker around, military skill, heroes don't do drugs, oh here we go, heroes don't do drugs, huh? well we're glad somebody does or how are you going to pay for half of your contra guys in fucking Nicaragua or the or the AUC in Colombia? none of the US armed forces tolerates drug use, That's a good question, have they related that yet, because I got to feel like they're going to have to at least let you smoke weed if they want anybody to join the army now, drugs impair the ability to think and move, I don't want that, just like in civilian life, a soldier success and survival depend on clear thoughts and careful actions, good soldiers and good civilians never take chances with illegal drugs, don't do it, legal drugs only, yes you live in a society where everything of val is a saparific where all all ways to like self-create and and self-define are commodified and neutralized, so the only journey you can take is towards the soothing of pain, don't do drugs, they really get you by the balls, personnel, us military, us naval academy. The US Naval Academy. To enter the academy, an applicant must be 22 years old, 17 to 22 years, US citizen, 17 to 22 years old, unmarried, not pregnant and have no legal support obligations, of good moral character, scholastically, medically and physically fit, and nominated by an official source. midshipment receive approximately $500 a month plus tuition, room board and medical and dental care. graduates earn a bachelor of science degree and a commission as a navy Ensen Marine second lieutenant so these are the uh the junior officers of the navy uh lieutenant would be the rank in the ground forces founded in uh 1845 in annapolis Maryland good old Annapolis people think that that's not the capital but they're wrong it is. Also by the way uh uh uh heroes don't do drugs somebody tell that to Fort Brag every other fucking operator there is either doing heroic amounts of cocaine uh selling it or both when they're not trafficking human beings David the admiral Robinson he was very unhappy with Steve Nash uh coming up. against the Iraq war, buse he was a good military man, government, the Kuwait system, did we do the Kuwait system, we did Kuwait, but I don't know if we did the Kuwait striction system, uh, go that, they got a pointed prime minister, council of ministers, legislative authority shared by the Amer and a 50 member national assembly, democratic. elected legislator is unique among the gulf nations, but the Amir suspended the assembly on July 3d 1986. oops, oh well, Kuwait enjoys a relatively free press, but freedom is highly restricted for non-Kuwaiti nationals. type nominal constitutional monarchy? i like that, it's like theoretically there is not a constitutional uh we have a constitution, but if if the vibe isn't right the American just say never mind. national holiday, february 25th, head of state amir jaber, al-Amad, al sabah. Political parties, prohibited, suffrage, native-born and naturalized males aged 21 and older. and the last card of the day, Afghanistan, oh boy, oh boy, you guys, you have no idea what's coming, I mean, you have had a lot of stuff, but now you're gonna get you, just hold on, we got a whole lot more in store for you, you thought you're getting rid of the Russians, well guess what, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979 to put down revolts against communist rule, the government, a civil war, that's not really. kind of, I guess, that's a little, a civil war followed in which the government and the Soviets controlled the cities while the gorilla forces or Mujadin ruled the countryside. Since the Soviet withdrawal in 1989, communist and Mujadin factions continue to fight. The gurill of sent 500 Mujadin fighters to help in operation desert storm. What? I didn't know that. What were they doing? I guess you know it's like uh hey pay it forward you know you helped us kick out the Russians we'll help you kick out the Saudies uh wait a minute what's this oh no what oh fuck we're being blown up and and invaded for 20 years and then we'll leave and then America will leave having built nothing and having only brought death it's astounding. uh geographical area, 250,0 square miles, population 15.9 million, languages push to, dari and Persia, predominant religion, islam, good old sunni islam, although there are very persecuted shia minority, honestly could see a long-term war with Iran over that and other issues. Capital and Kabul, government type, communist regime supported by Soviet forces, so this is not, it has not yet happened yet, they have not yet kicked out the Russians. head of government, president Mohammad Najibullah, so there you go, tune in next week for, uh, tune in to blowback season 4, if you want to know more about what happens, what happened to Afghanistan till 91 and then what happens afterwards? we all we love our brave Mushadin fighters, don't we folks, we love them. I mean, Yes, the communist regime was the best government in Afghanistan ever had, that's for sure, but uh, the Soviet invasion is still a mistake, they really fucked themselves there. Yeah, the Afghanistan invasion came at a point for the Soviet Union when they needed to like look inward and then instead they decided to go to Afghanistan and then they ended up having to do the looking inward way later and on a worse footing and with a much shakier economy and uh and the whole thing fucking collapsed, that's why if you if it feels like you should be going to war, you need to stop and ask yourself what is pushing this, like what below the cost? his belly, what below the strategy, what in the our political economy is pushing us in this direction, and the answer is there's a crisis somewhere within our social body that is not being addressed, and then we like, well we'll go to war instead of dealing with it, as the last uh, as the last effort, like somebody said to me when I was sort of criticizing Putin for invading Ukraine, he said, well if you're if you saying that... Putin thought like in the long run that's the end of Russia if we don't uh invey then didn't he have to and I'll say well no he could have tried to do communism and you can laugh at that and say oh that's stupid but it's like I'm sorry like the form of the states that we currently have is not sacred the polities that we have now are not sacred instruments they are they are wrecks they are shells. but hey knows, maybe this time it worked, maybe maybe this invasion is going to have gonna uh knock over the American leviathan, we'll see, and of course the the dream a lot of western left have is that what I'm describing is actually was happening in Russia, in China right now, like China got to a crisis point or recognized crisis. signs and is internally moving away from them using the structures of the party state that they were bequed from this 20th century struggle that may not be communist in any respect but which still allowed themselves to be animated by like collaborative human will in a way that uh the other governments of the world just can't do anymore if they ever could, and that is a whether that's true or not is a question that i from my distance can't answer, i don't think anybody else who was really invested in one or the other answer being true uh can't either honestly. we'll see what happens, it's not a big deal, we'll all meet each other in a field. place beyond right and wrong, i will meet you there, peace.