 hear me, father, can you hear me? you guys see me, am i on here? god, i feel older than i actually am, which i didn't think was possible. oh boy, oh, wait, this looks like it's me. hi guys, sorry about that, i'm here. welcome everyone, welcome. uh, we've struck a blow against the the forces of Zuckerberg today, because we have stolen. the goose, the mighty goose of content eyeball uh uh drawing that i've been doing for his um his dark lord at uh instagram which of course is owned by facebook uh now i'm taking my talents to bizo's dome, i'm in the bezo's done, which means that when the apocalypse comes, i will be one of his court gesters on his floating garbage scow island that he will be living on sort of like jaba's pleasure skiff but the size of rode island. and i will be on there, i will be dancing and capering for his delight, i see that it is not working, i guess the thing is we have like affiliates on and if we don't make sure they're knocked off we can't knock them off, you got to get in the settings, it's about getting in the settings and i don't know anything about settings, i'm just a simple country boy, i'm just a simple country oregon trail millennial who encountered computers as a child in the form of a fucking cube-shaped mac uh apple 2 and and a floppy disc was a like those were things, they were floppy, they flopped when you held them, so I don't understand this shit, it controls my life and my destiny and it's fused to me in a psychic level, like I'm spiritually fused to the machine in a way that will never be revused, I mean like that is the basis of the our accelerationist insight is that we are in a situation, we we are fusing with technology, capitalism is basically an algorithm rewriting us towards... becoming robots, i talked about this with liz and brace and tru or not, and if we keep getting pulled in that direction, we will become machines, we will be stripped of all uh species being uh and flattened to be mere reproducers or receivers and distributors of stimuli, neural pathways basically for the great machine of capitalism, that is its goal, um, but the thing is, and this is where dialectics come in, your amprim. would say uh, well that's why you got to cut off the machine, you got to cut off the the the the tube connecting you, but no, at this point we are simes twins, we are conjoined that there is a vital exchange happening there, that is part of us in a way that is lethal, we cannot sever it without losing all of the progressed uh uh uh like upward progressive civilizational moves we've done as a as as a species, we can't cut off the computer, we've got to... so control it, we've got to dominate it, and that's how you get your fully luxury space shmashmalism, which the reason i don't like that is because it is it is metaphysically dire, it is as metaphystic as the uh eternal expansionist uh fantasy of of capitalism that leads to like the idea that you are the one consciousness persisting eternally in the form of a technologi singularity that you imagine yourself to be in command of, like when those guys imagine the singularity, they do not imagine becoming in some borg, they imagine being maintain their consciousness and separateness and identity as themselves, but to do that you have to eventually you will be the only thing left in the universe thanks to thermodynamics and the uh and the eventual dispersal of all energies, you will eventually just be one voice in an eternity, it won't be an eternity though, it'll be... only feel like it'll be like the jant basically that's Stephen King's story at the end of which when you're jabbering uh uh screaming uh uh uh mad beast then you will die horribly in in in fear as the last energy cycle ends and it starts back up again with the next big bang that comes immediately after that last one of course and then guess what you get to go through that all over again and over and over again. and you are doomed to the internal recurrence that Niche and Alan Moore talk about. Congratulations, you get to relive that, you get to relive seven millennias millennia, millennia as a as just like a peattling around in a can, the can being whatever like techno fantacy you imagine you're going to be persisting in, that's nialistic, but so is fully luxury, because that's hell, that's an imagined hell, where you think you're going to heaven, but twist it's actually hell, but the other one fully automated luxury. is communism, that leads to a similar nialistic sterility, it leads to an idea that you could ever find pleasure, meaningful, sustained, I mean, I'm sorry, meaning, you could have. find the meaning to continue, the meaning to find worth in yourself to continue living in mere physical pleasure that could be extended indefinitely, that would become hell also, you need to have is your goal transcendence, there must be a transcendent and that is why this people say that you need to have religion and in politics is correct, because you need to have a transcendent and insight, but the thing is that doesn't... have to be religious, it literally can, you can believe in transcendence, with every single belief system that you already have, you do not need to rewire yourself to believe in it, you don't need to negotiate through like the violence that happens in pluralistic religious societies uh or when one uh like uh monocultural religious societies you know like where there's where other religions are illegal and stomped out it would be uh because the thing that matters is just the the goal, and the goal is everyone reducing their attachment to this material world to the degree that they can uh, find communion with the eternal, which exists outside the material world. all right, we're getting uh, we're getting esoteric again, was hoping not to do that, i was going to talk about joe biden and then we got all esoteric on you guys, i'm sorry, uh, so let's see what guys are talking about, let's see what you guys are looking at, hey guys, yeah, we're stuck in eminence until we escape it, and we can, and once one of us does, we all will, that's the beauty of it, we all will, but one of us has to do it, and the beauty beauty. is one of us did buse that's why we know that's why we're here because it goes backwards and forwards causality does not go in one direction cuz Ality goes in every direction simultaneously oh man I'm worrying now I think I'm going a little over the I'm worried you guys are going to freak out I'm sorry it's like you get take together everyone who has had an insight into this reality, have had to peak past the veil, basically or come close to the veil, or glimpsed out of the side of their eye past the veil, you can get them together, and because of their different cultural limitations and intellectual limitations and spiritual limitations, which are all the same thing, because they're all bound up in what others have done to you in your life, because we're all all of our acts are totally determined, um, and end up seeing some of the veil, it's going to be different than everybody else's, and then because you're going to be translating it with a specific personal life, personal experience that no one else can replicate, and you have to find a translation, and that translation loses, as all trans trans transitions do as all energy transfers do, it loses power as it is translated, and so if it goes as it goes from the brain to the tongue, into words into the ear of someone else who has a totally different life and experience. is it has already been degraded to a degree that you're only getting a bit of it, so everyone's getting different bits, and collaboration and cooperation, if they are the cornerstone of your social engine, if like the social engine your society is cooperation that you will bring those things together to get a greater truth than any... of them would have been able to get or any group of people all revolving around one concept would have ever gotten, it lets the light through, uh, that's why materialism, that's why materialism, that's why the dialectical materialism, that's why marxism is part of that, buse marks saw part of it, sitha gutama saw part of it, Jesus Christ saw part of it, uh, fucking marx, v debs uh martin Luther King saw a big chunk, and it's binding them together into a into a consciousness that can encompass the human experience, and what is that but God, what is that but eternity? All right, I'm going to chill out now, we're going to get more uh normal, I'm going to. translate those thoughts down to the level of like more practical considerations that other people can relate to better because of their similar language and experiences. what are you guys talking about? what's going on? joe byden fell asleep today during his thing where Hillary talked to him. isn't that funny? isn't that funny? uh, that's so funny. uh, he fell asleep and it made me realize how amazingly, just tragically powerful uh it is that Joe Biden is a man who spent his entire life, i mean remember this is a man. 'who was elected to the senate at age 29 before he could legally take the office, he turned 30 between the election day and his swearing in, that is an ambition that is like a stellar fire uh, so this is a man clearly, i guarantee you when he was taking that oath of office as much as he might have been feeling about his dead wife and dead children who had just been in that car accident, he was also thinking that one day he would be president, one day he would be president uh and that day uh would come pretty quickly, i mean come on the youngest ever senator that senate, that's like one of the closest runs to the presidency, there is up there with governor, those two really, so he had every reason to believe he'd be the youngest president ever, and even though he waited a little too long for that to be the case, he did run in 1988, uh oh wait a minute, no he would have been, no yeah he would have been over 40 then or he would have been older than JFK. already, but he was still with him very young, he had way less hair back then than he does now somehow, i don't how that happened, and he had a disastrously terrible presidential uh debate uh race where he was humiliated and his brain blew up, he had two uh, two strokes, to brain hamges rather, that almost kill him, that he went back, and the whole time he's doing this, he is operating from the absolute, through from from a self motivation that is completely personal. ambition like the only thing motivating Josen's political choices was personal ambition, his ambition to be president of the United States and that meant that he saw the powers arrayed in the country and chose policies and causes that would make them like him, give give him shine enough to be talked about at their councils of state and in their underground bunkers and at their bohemian grove child, and it worked, i mean a guy a Stellaware senator making a plausible run for president, uh, that's impressive, and then he became, he was foreign, foreign services chairman, so he had a huge role in our foreign policy, all of it bad, he was in favor of buse, the thing is all of his actions from becoming a drug warrior uh to uh to his his hawkishness, all of these were determined by what capital wanted in the... aftermath of the 70s crisis, what capital wanted was neoliberalism and what that mean int in specifics was things like bankrupcy reform, things like truff drug sentences, uh, things like high military budgets, uh, that is what they wanted, and that's what he delivered them, uh, and so, but and then he ran for president again, and this time, even though he had put in all the work and he had the resume, he got snuck out under by somebody who uh, the... party's social wing had basically pulled into existence uh and and made him obsolete in a way, but then he was rescued from from Pernery by this very man, because he had done the he hadn't done the work, he had done the work to be president, and then social situation changed that he was no longer a vival president, but he still retained cachet within the party within the media that he held a role that needed to be that could be he became he was still useful to them and so they put him in the VP spot and they rescued him from what would have he'd be Chris Dodd right now if it hadn't been for that and then he he honestly blew it by not running in 2016 but that's because Biden told Obama told him not to and he was suckered into thinking that Obama was his buddy and his son had just died and he was off his game I bet I mean he was already kind of losing some of the uh plot but then he sees her lose in 2016 knows he would have won and he would have that's not I don't anyone. wants to argue that Joe Biden wouldn't have beaten Trump, they're wrong, you can talk about how Trump is the accumulation of all these realities and how he was inevitable and all that's true, but still in in the specific situation of 2016, Biden would have beat Trump handdily, and he knows and now he's just consumed, as his brain is dying in his last moments, he is consumed with the thought that he could have had it, and so even though he is clearly the energy is draining for the moment, he reaches out to grab it cuuse it's his last chance, and even as he's falling, he's picked back up by the accumulated decisions of a party that had created these aggregations of voters who responded to xy and z, mostly the media who had xy and z. a social or personal connections to the the democratic party as an institution and that saved him, the party saved him again, and of course, but now if it happens and he becomes president, he's made his the thing he wanted his whole life, he will not know it, he won't know, he won't really know, he will only have a dim clanging suspicion of what being the president is, and it will be, it will be to him indistinguishable from a nightmare. Can you just think about what a Twilight zone episode that is? And this is four years after Hillary Clinton who spent her entire life with the same merciles pursuit of power as uh Biden had was thwarted by a guy who didn't who wasn't trying to win. It's the irony it's just the ironies are just stacking their pancakes which is what makes me think that Biden might win as much as he might look like he can and that's why I give my eyebrow my people's eyebrow to anybody. who says that they say confidently that Biden's going to lose. I am sorry man, I have no idea. This shit's in the air, it's in the air, folks, it's in the air, and that's exciting, it's going to be crazy, so yeah, there's going to be a man in the white house who doesn't know he he's there, but wants, but wants, he wants to be, he's cuz like all he'll have left is that is like the the the shadow of his personality. and that will be wanting to be president, but he'll be president, but he won't be able to register that because all of his near-ter memory will be gone, so he will be wandering the white house still wishing he'd been president, still regretting never getting there, still imagining and and torturing himself with thoughts of being president that weren't thoughts, that weren't fantasies, it's actually him in the white house, just think about that, he's being he's in the white house, but in his mind, it's just a tormenting fantasy of what he never accomplished. Oh Jesus, whoa, that's heavy, he is literally, he literally would have made a hell of heaven because of his sinful and wicked decision to forsake meaning and justice as... and any greater uh, um, and any greater virtue than personal ambition, and guess what, it destroys you, you were destroyed by your ambition, even as your half corpse is hoisted to actual power, your spirit has been dissolved in acid, and is no longer there. now i'm thinking it's like a tales from the crypt episode greetings our next terror tale uh there is a tam cheeto in the white house which is pretty funny let's talk demon night great movie Saddler, Billy Zein, Jada Pinkot before she was Smith, I think Dick Miller, Thomas Hayden Church, Chasey Lane, uh, like I said, somebody asked. ensure as the greens, i like it, i like the idea of it, it'll be fun uh, like i said, do not devote all your spiritual energy to it, it should be a fun blow-off while you're doing real work, whatever that means to you, i cannot judge it because everybody's situation is different, the situation is fluid, i am not making arguments, work act from your heart is all i ask people, what to do is up to you, that is not me, uh uh, that is not me, i swear to god that it's not me um uh fobbing it off onto someone else, it's me being responsible because i don't trust anybody can have enough confidence in the moment to make big predictions, I think the smaller the situation, the more likely it is that your understanding of it right now is correct, and so what you think is the right thing to do is what you should do, but you should follow that, you should follow your heart, you should follow your uh, just like try to push against your fear by following your heart, that's all I ask, that's what I'm trying to do, but like I'm saying, as you're doing that, if you want to blow up some steam, and we're all going to have to blow off steam, none of us are getting off Twitter, none of us are getting off uh watching our shows, none of us are not stopping owning people, it's it's how you... through the rest of it, if you didn't do that, you couldn't do the others, so it's necessary, um, if you want to make that up anyone, make a Jesse ventura, make a Jesse buse land. you can get a decent chunk, you could get three, you think you get three, nator never got three, i think he could get three, didn't Gary Johnson get three, Gary Johnson got three, didn't he? yes, he did, yep, i bet vtura could get three at least, in fact that should be the over-under, no, that's a little high, i wouldn't get, i wouldn't take money on that, over under two and a half, i would go to take the over, i'll say that, if you can be an over-under on jessie vanture at two and a half% of the vote, i will take the over. uh, and if it's anything lower than that, then that's easy money, if it's anything lower, if there if anything lower than two and a half, that's easy money, at three is one we wonder, maybe a little more, maybe a little less, but if it's anything less than three, you take that bet, he could get five, I honestly think he could get five, which the greens have never done, I mean see here to go, somebody says and this is why you need to treat it right, this is why you need perspective, they say? "it doesn't mean anything unless it's five, it doesn't mean anything no matter what, because if there is going to be some political formation that emerges electorally to defeat or to supplant the democrats from the left, that's not going to matter, Jessera getting five or six% of the vote, it's not going to be make that happen, one way or the other, it won't make it happen and it won't prevent it from happening, other forces are going to be deter." that that is a specific moment for specific thing to happen. how you guys doing? uh, oh man, bernie is the vp, bernie is vp. to a Jessiev ensure a ticket. ooh, now you've got me, now you've got me, you got me on the hook a little bit, you're tempting me, this is, ooh, this is naughty of you, because right, okay, i need to know the specifics of this, because one of the big reasons that bernie could not run third party if you wanted to in this thing is the sore loser laws. i don't know if you guys knows what those are, but the vast majority of states have laws on the books that say if you run for either parties uh, a primary and you don't win, you cannot run in the in the general. and you might say that's weird and the answer for that why that happens is because on issues of ballot access the democratic party and the republican party have identical uh interests which is maintaining a two-party system, maintaining a cartel essentially system, like they are essentially a cartel representing capitalist interests and they don't want to let anybody else into that space representing other interests uh and that's why they make it very hard to get on ballots. and so that's one of the ways that they make it hard to do uh to to like try to attack uh try to take over uh a party and then try to supplan it if you fail they basically make it impossible either way we've saw how they make it impossible for Bernie to take it from inside and ballot access laws make it impossible for him to take it from outside it's very frustrating that's why the best the left electoraly has ever been able to do has been to pressure the democratic party like the populist like the pray populist and Brian did and in the 1890s uh uh like the progressives did uh in the 20s like the communist kind of like the socialists did you know that kind of thing at best that's what you're going to get uh so but i don't know if it's on the law that you can't run as a vice president becuse you didn't run Bernie didn't run as vice president you know does the law do so loser laws pertain to the vice president. because if they don't, then Bernie should be Jesse Ventura's vice president, buse fuck that, they could win, fuck that, I'll say it right now, isn't that the perfect synthesis that we've been talking about, somebody with Bernie's track record uh of um of being right about everything and his obvious uh earnestness and his honest obvious uh compassion and care for every human being, and then the smack talking, don't give? a fuck trumpian in the good way as in a winning media strategy in an age of spectacle way, famous ass governor fucking Jesse Ventura, if you're talking those two versus a Trump who let every let 100,0 people die because he didn't want the number to go down, and it's like the every day I think Trump is getting more and more of the blame, which means he will be more and more. fucked by the end of this, but if it's between him and mumra, the everliving, the guy who fell asleep during his own ton hall today, the guy who cannot string a sentence together, people make fun of Trump, yes, he told people, to inject, he said, and there's the thing, we could put it under the skin, maybe and see, it's like, yeah, that was pretty stupid, what would biden's version of that ben, it would have been the bleach, you know, there's you put it on, and that's the thing, you've got it, the back in uh, you know, Rahob, there's I'd go, kitchen, and there'd be, the the kitchen and and and we come back with hot dog. and uh bleach, that would have been his version of that uh, of that inject bleach under your skin gaff, there's just turn, turnout would collapse, and the people would vote would be the most glacied partisans of either side, which would make it a a a toss up that could lead to a literal like crisis of legitimacy as uh, inevitably like it's an electoral vote tie or there are multiple states that have like imagine if there's still... uh uh if this is still around and we haven't figured out mail in voting by November, there are going to be states that are going to be as fucked up in their uh in their uh their general election voting as like LA or like Illinoy and Wisconsin were during the primary, which means there will be no legitimacy to this election whatsoever, no one will believe any of the numbers, that could legitimately happen, just holy shit. No, see, I, I disagree that that was a bad biden impression. Felix's Biden impression is Biden from a month ago, it's already a different guy now, he's he is, he is completely incoherent, like it's not even, it's like those sentences Chamskid were impossible because you know uh, that that were impossible to construct because of our inborn grammar structures, he he's he's it's it's glosalela, a glosalalia so Keep that in mind, thank you, so with those two against each other, yeah, you could actually see a breakdown of of legitimacy, you could see, you could like people talk about the United States splitting up, that is the situation where because like the reason it won't is because of the strength of our institutions, like they are incredibly uh uh uh durable because of the amount of cultural uh buying they have, like we really have propagandized Americans to incredible extent to the extent that these things carry real meaning, like the constitution, like we've joked, I've talked about how it's insane that the the joint chiefs is not basically cowed Trump, it's it's just blows my mind, it's like you guys know that this is dangerous and horrible and that we could this guy could get us all killed, instead they listen to him and when he said don't test people, they didn't test people, like when he says you know don't give a New York uh um masks, they don't do it, and that undermines literally the health and and security. nation like all the stuff that those idiots think that they're supposed to uh uh uphold and they probably even if you probably get them to admit that they do think this is fucked up but if you said hey shouldn't you stop him they'd be like no he's the president it's like they've had the guard rails are so hard that they haven't even thought that that's impossible the thing that could break that is that the thing the big mass ritual that legitimizes this entire thing that realifies every four years this entire thing is the massive pop. extra long uh uh uh blood and thunder carnival of the US presidential elections. In fact, you could argue that the reason that presidential election seasons are getting longer and longer is because they have to occupy more and more emotional energy of the population so that they can justify more and more of miseration, like things are getting worse and worse and uh democratic and the elections are getting less and less legitimate just because one party is... just fiddling with the knobs in such a way to depress the the reflection between voting intention and results, so we've already seen two presidential elections where the loser became president because of an archaic and institution that no one can defend uh legibly, everyone who makes every justification for the the the uh uh electoral college is preposterous on its face, it is reasoned backwards, it is it is and and it is so wildly reason backwards that it's not even worth engaging with uh so that's already legitimacy, then you have Jerry Mandering and and and interventions and the destruction of the voting rights act, we already have crisis of and then on the other side, that's that's how that's how democrats get alienated from these democratic institutions, republicans get alienated from these democratic institutions because when they lose uh they don't have that excuse because there is no reason other than the warn is popular and they don't want to accept that, so oh no, it was illegal immigrants cheating, it was xy and z, it was uh, it was dead people like in Chicago and they like point to real historical voting theft. and it's like, well, I guess you're right about that, but like it's all fantasy, but they are just as just as invested in election emotionally, in these things being rigged elections and that undermines their legitimacy, but we need the legitimate. see because only by the idea that like these things are coming from an institution that we built and that we rebuild every year and every day by caring about politics and then voting uh uh those guys are not there uh for any reason related to my wellbeing um and then the whole thing breaks then it snaps in half and and i think that honestly could could do it um It's it's scary to think about, but I really don't know how else you can see something like that happening, if you have a covid-infected election it where different states have different standards, some states close almost all other volling places, some states do vote by mail, uh, some states do partial vote by mail or whatever, a hodge podge, you could see all of that invested emotional energy that went into propping up these things. break all of the degree to which you care about who the president is, all the degree to which you care about owning the libs with mega if you're conservative or how much you care about making the damn cheeto uh in chief get owned uh by watching the daily show for the democrats all that emotional energy all that orgon just just evaporating like no longer propping up the system because you don't believe in the outcome, you don't believe the investment has been in earnest. It's not legitimate, that's why as I was saying, things get worse and worse every year, we get continually immiserated and our votes don't change anything, so the vote, the election year has to get longer, longer so that your emotional investment in the spectacle becomes more, so that your because because the degree of your emotional investment in the spectacle of the presidential election is exactly the degree of emotional investment you have in the institutions that it creates like the president. like the US government, like the United States of America, so it and so that's a lot, if you're if things are good, that level investment is very high because things are good, and because you know that you can make them better by voting. If that is gone and everything is bad, you have to fill that gap, and you fill the gap with spectacle and with the emotional uh ritual associated with investing the symbols of politics with a hollow cultural meaning. so that's why that head-to-head race is terrifying, but if you throw fucking if you throw Jesse and Bernie out there, you know, and like make everybody clear that like Bernies is the brain of the operation, that that like whatever he's said in the past, that that that like the last 30 years have shown Jesse that the answer to a lot of the questions he's always been asking is in socialism, like think about the power of that, because Jesse Vintura is a classic kind of dumb guy who means well like joe. and the thing about dumb guys that mean well in the United States is because there's so little coherent leftist uh explanatory art that anyone can access and certainly a guy like that would want to access, they're left trying to make sense of the world with right-wing adget prop and with frankly left-wing online culture that is implicitly hostile to a guy who doesn't already come equipped with the smart guy aka college education collection of social opinions that make you a decent and worthy human being according to bourgeois social value liberal values and so since you're not getting anything from them and getting yelled at by them and the only thing you're seeing is the right you're like okay but like and and things and you see the way that they bob and weave and you see that the way that like over time Trump becoming the the enemy of these same tutting uh liberal and leftists who scream at them having the same reaction to Trump makes them think well the... maybe Trump's on to something. Imagine if you had a figure like that, like Venchi Ventura who tapped that same energy to become a much better than Trump is president, governor of Minnesota, and he said, I've spent my whole life trying to make America better and and trying to make uh our lives greater, and I i've seen you, I've exp, I've looked at the documents, I i've seen you, I've I've seen horrible things happen like 9/11 and and and uh uh, I've wondered like who is behind all this awful. like what kind of evil hand is the puppeteer making this happen and people have accused me being antiisemetic or for uh or for being a racist or something or or for being uh uh whatever but uh i have found over the years that that puppet stringer the puppet master has a name and it's capitalism. i now see especially during this COVID crisis is it's being monopolized and monetized and privatized, i see. Capitalism is the hand behind everything that I have fought against, and Bernie has been fighting against it the whole time, come on. You don't think that could win a three-way race, I think it could. Of course that doesn't solve any problems, because a Ventura Sanders White House is still doomed to succeed at doing anything it would want to, because there's no way they would get uh any kind of electoral legislative majority, they wouldn't get people in Congress supporting them, they would have to deal with republicans and democrats who could unite against them the way that they united against. when he was governor of Minnesota. the question is whether that conflict can be productively used as a mobilization tool, which was always the dream of a Bernie Sanders presidenty even when he was running within the party. Can you use the conflict between a powerful but still constrained executive against a powerful uh, but constrained congress that does not represent your interests, who do you support? I mean, that's how the Roman empire fell. That's that's basic, I'm describing essentially the the conflict between the optimits and the populars uh from the grachy to Julius Caesar. Um, and the but the question is, can uh, is not. does this the does the office of the senate or of the presidency do that? it is does the conflict itself generate a mobilized uh working class that can take the advantages that it can through the powers that the presidency does possess and leverage them to greater and greater success elsewhere. so there you go, so there you go. what happens if the internet stops working? oh boy, wow, that's a real scary question, because what would we do? man, i mean i don't think anybody. on any side of the spectrum, has any plan b for not just communicating, but just processing the world without the internet. how the hell would you even begin to process the world without the internet right now? like this is what i mean when i say you can't cut off the technology and survive the way that like the Kazinski people want. because at this point the internet has been fused socially to us in such a way that to have it immediately disrupted like that would be socially fatal, which I mean if you want to go fight club about it, you say sure that's great, but if you think that would be a setback for humanity in the long run and und dialectical, or at least doesn't help the dialect move at a speed that might be better, for the people you know and love, let's say, like maybe better to grab this technology now and direct it well instead of having to wait another couple of cycles to get there, but clearly it is terrifyingly uh incorporated into our social beings, see that's the thing, it's like technology doesn't make people happy at this point, technology just makes keeps people alive, like that's what that's the ideal That's the ideal transaction in capitalism, it's not you want this thing and I give it to you, it's you need this thing and I give it to you, like want is fine, and want you after you start after you get rid of all the all one level of needs, that's when you have to start creating wants, and wants are great, but the ideal want turns into a need, that's why the products that are the best sellers are the ones that turn into needs, uh like uh your pornography, like your uh cigarettes and alcohol. and the internet is a need, is it okay to be a virgin? of course, weird, odd question. I'm drinking a spindrift, yes, I have to say that uh, one thing that I like about Twitch now that I moved from Instagram is that Instagram videos are limited to an hour. so sometimes i'll be getting like my wind back and i have to stop uh i'm still going to though keep them around an hour that's going to be what i'm going to shoot for unless uh i get kind of carried away with something but so just let everybody know i'm going to still keep the the length similar but uh i might add some at the end what is my opinion on twitch culture uh it's that baffling and terrifying like all you is uh the you, i i make no uh bones about the zoomers frightening me, feeling like they are further down the road towards dehumanization, the technology is leading us down, i am like the bearded guy, you know what, that is a huge compliment, thank you, that's one of my foundational texts, i remember seeing they live when i was like seven on ava or something, and they have these this guy, old bearded dude with glasses reading into a tv about how uh they like the aliens are here they're trying to raise the temperature so that we can they can make the place more aspitable to their race that's uh that's that's and i remember thinking that's a cool guy to be that guy this guy's he fucks and now here i am uh what you guys got any questions? I told you guys, somebody said what happens to North Korea long term, long term the juusi ideal becomes the pervading ideology of the galaxy, and then that it becomes the basis many many years. later after many breakdowns and reformations becomes the uh basis for your luxury space communism, which then after many more breakdowns and collapses and then re rebuildings becomes the basis for uh the transcendent uh collective moment of realization. uh, I can't really, I don't really understand, uh, it's it's the special sauce kind of uh, it's basically somebody took stalinism that they inherited from uh, the Russians who put them in power after the world war two. the kims and they uh threw in some like dynastic and national like racial shit, basically they adapted uh stalinist marxist leninist state uh that pervaded in a lot of places after the in the cold war from Ethiopia to Albania uh and they then added to it ad mixtures over the years as it persisted and and after it was you know tested by the massive trauma of world war of the Korean war which is like you want to talk talking about why North Korea is messed up, a good answer is the trauma it endured when it was a baby basically, like we kicked the we punted the shit out of that infant, uh, we we stomped the mucket mudhole in it, and that and it's status pry estate and it's very close n uh uh uh uh uh what i guess monarchial like leadership structure like maintaining stability. by just instituting monarchy, which you know, if you have a stable enough political class, monarchy is the way to go, like if your political class is stabilized monarchy is ideal uh, because it provides sort of a neutral arbiter uh, because it kind of draws from everyone equally, it's only when you have a situation where uh monarchs are perceived to favor a faction that monarchy uh it's undermined and that's why monarchy does so well in those like hegemonic social uh democracies and sc Navia and also does well in really in a really powerful totalitarian state, so anyway, um, so then they put those things together, and jechet is like, it's basically autarcal marxist leninism, which I think raises like the status of soldiers to like worker, like or like, I think something to do with make like sort of raising soldier is like a uh, a category like above working class or something like that, I'm not 100% certain, I'm not an expert uh. uh, but yeah, it's it's it's it's a it's a gumbo, it's a ideological uh stew made up uh of the post war experience of North Korea, which is true of all ideologies. Where is Jesse laxwell? I would love to know that lady is amazing, how I thought she was dead, but they keep coming up with statements of Hummer and I always thought that those were false flags, and then I find out that she's suing the Jeffrey Upsteen estate for the money she says she's owed like it's fucking judge Joe Brown, how could that possibly be? that blows my mind, that like that's a real mind blower uh, you know, all right, so the UFOs, so these the new video, I thought the new videos aren't these videos that already came out a couple years ago, they just like declassified them in a officially acknowledged that they were real, isn't that what happened? cuz i remember when they came out because of tom delon, so i guess the the i will say that the one in this one i watched it and it appeared to be much more disk-shaped, i remember i remember i remember back in 2018 thinking that it looked kind of like a tick tack, but this one like it kept the way it moved, it looked like a fucking saucer, does that did did it look like a saucer? you guys, what could it be guys, what do you guys think is realistic? what is you guys, what's your money on, what are you guys taking bets on here? could it be a human tech? could it be human tech? is the entire thing a sip? is this a siap? guys? i wouldn't be surprised honestly if it was like that episode of the simpsons where they find the angel and it's just a fucking a viral video for something, because if you look at the guys who are involved in this stuff like uh Robert Bigo, the guy who owns skin walker Ranch and was friends with Harry Reed and is one of the big reasons that Harry Reed did all those declassifications and works with Tom Delong and those guys, I mean maybe the whole thing's a fucking gimmick, you know, maybe they're going to open a theme park. or they're going to fake alien invasion and then use it as an excuse to give us all uh like the mark of the beast and the emergency situation to follow. I haven't started yours yet, I was kind of wondering if I was going to try to do it on like a stream, but everybody seems to be reading shit out loud and that seems maybe a little. but I know I have to read it out loud, I know I'm not going to read it if I read it in my head, I need to have, I need to hear the words, so I'm probably going to have to like, maybe devote an hour in the evening late at night, when it's just me out in the living room, and just read like a chapter or something, it's work, it's soulcraft, let's call it soulcraft, I have to remember my place of the universe, I have to remember, I have to remember my path, I have to remember how to continue walking the path that I can see that I can hear to hear the... to hear the voice, to hear the echo, i have to hear, i have to get back to the yes that's at the end of that book, so i got to read the book to get to it, Am I a gamer now? I hope to be. We're going to set up the uh, we're trying to set up a office uh gaming rig and I would go there. and i would play there if i could plug and play i would go there, the thing is people have said uh uh i that they would like to see me play those like old the the strategy games and the thing is i would like to do that in the abstract but i'm very bad at them and i feel like i wouldn't get a lot of value and you guys wouldn't get a value a lot of value out of my poor performance of the game uh and i uh it would probably just be more confusing and irritating for everyone involved because i would be getting frustrated or trying to not be frustrated but still struggling with it and you guys what all be knowing what i was doing wrong is is like you'd be trying to watch me you know like uh put a puzzle together and you're like no no no no not there what are you doing oh god ah jesus uh so i don't think that would be fun so i need to think of something that is on the uh steam or something as a pc game and that is very fun and uh light and low stakes and easy to do somebody recommended cut. demasi which sounded like a fun one where you got to roll up the ball, but from what i understand that's only on uh a console, we're not going to have one, so disco elysium is a cool game, but it's not the kind of thing i would want to play, uh, it's it's it's too much reading, i'm very bad at Mario Kart. uh oh I guess Katamari domasi is on pc now if it's on stream if it's on steam i would do it but I don't know if it is okay I think I'll do that then I might do Katamaari demasi that'd be fun. I will never play fortnite. I do not like it at all. I played it once uh in Maine when we were on tour and we streamed it and uh I just ran around and got bored and then I got shot. It sucked. Thumbs down to that game. No thank you. Real bummer and... um crumby experience, don't like shooting games in general, not ones where it requires a lot of uh a lot of accuracy, i guess, because i'm not good, i never had good eye coordination, hand eye coordination, it's why i never played games when after i was out of schools cuuse i wasn't very good at them so it was always more frustrating and i'm a i was a lazy little turd so i just sort of it was too hard i quit that was generally my experience i was i was a weak-willed little snot. I quit um, I quit a lot of things, I quit a karate class, I quit playing the saxophone, I uh, I was in cub scouts and I got the arrow of light and I was a weebel, but then I quit boy scouts and I claimed it was because I was too busy, but in reality it was they started making you do like calisthetics, like they started making you do jumping jacks and climb ropes and I said fuck this, I thought we were going to just make caramel. and use make orange and eat it with the apple slices, this sucks, oh it's getting dark out here, all right, it's getting dark and it's been an hour, so I think I'll uh get off pretty soon, so uh, I think the guys are going to start streaming at 9 uh, you guys come back uh come on come on back y'all and you can stream at night oh wait a minute it took me longer than this to get on so i'll stay a little longer i remember now i uh i stayed on uh i stayed on less time because that it took me a while to get off. but I'm kind of running out of steam too, honestly, this has been a lot, this is this took a little bit more out of me emotionally than last couple of them have uh, and also I didn't bring uh any way to light this out here so it's hard for me to uh, I don't want to go in and bother, so yeah, so I'm going to come off, what's my opinion on the chapo to fash pipeline, uh, once again I think it's great, horray, love it, I I'm glad it's a it's a real thing that isn't made up by uh uh frauds and professional anxiety cases, I certainly not in all think it's hilarious. Uh, Donald Hees is one of the great posters we still have, there aren't many left, but he's one of them, and we should uh, we should respect him for it, and uh, I think people should always respect on, and if you have a problem with him, you've got a problem with me, sir, he's one of the few remaining true artists of the web, trolling has basically a... dead art except for him, he's like somebody who speaks aramaic, oh people are getting heated in the chat yelling at one another, come on boys, it's all love, it's all love, come on boys and girls, let's crump. and you guys like to crump? you guys like crumping at all? does anyone remember crumping? or is that before your time? are you children? you never crumped? there was a movie about crumping, they made a documentary about crumping. they used to just like clowns when they did it, it was called clown crumping. i kind of liked it, i liked it a lot. it was a sort of i thought of it sort of an American version of the hokka, sort of a faster sort of uh latinized hakka, but then we stopped doing it, i wish we'd go back, can we get back to crumping? in my administration, i will bring back crumping, i swear that i shall put forth a new nation conceived and crumping. Donald Trump? Oh man, can you imagine? Can you imagine if his name was Donald Trump? Oh my god, if his name was Donald Trump, he's a cheeto, folks, there's a damn cheeto in the white house, there is a literal cheeto in this white house. There's a cancer upon the president seat and there's a cheeto upon that cancer. Cheeto in the white house, cheeto in the white house. Cheeto in the white house. doing cheeto in the white house guys, i want to leave you guys with something from pinchin, i know that uh, apparently the pension subredit is mad at me somehow, but i just wanted to read another thing from against the day, it's from late. in the book, it's two characters who are basically roused abouts and hired guns who are now working in a swiss mine. among the many superstitions inside this mountain was a belief that the tunnel was neutral ground, exempt not only from political jurisdictions, but from time itself. the anarchists and socialists on the shift had their own mixed feelings about history, they suffered from it, and it was also to be their liberator if they... could somehow survive to see the day, in the shower battles, at the end of the shift, the suffering could be read on each body, as document written in insults to flesh and blood, scars, crookedness, missing parts, they knew each other as comfortable men, in the steam rooms of hydropathics, for instance, would not, amateur bullet removals and bone settings, carterizations and brandings, some souveniers were public. and could be compared, others were private and less likely to be talked about. One day, reef happened to notice on Fluvio will looked like a railroad map executed in scar tissue. What was that from? You walk in between a couple of bob cats fucking? An encounter with a tetsal worm, said Fluvio, traumatic, and new one on me, said Reef. It's a snake with paws," said Gearhart. Four legs and three toes on each paw and a big mouth full of very sharp teeth. Hibernates here, inside the mountain, tries to, but anybody who wakes it up, God helped them. Men had been known to quite quit work here, claiming that the tetsal worm was becoming a... raged by all the drilling and explosions, refigured it was some kind of routine they put the new comeers through, this being the first tunnel job he'd run into it on, some of alpine Tommy Knockers, he figured till he began to notice long flowing shapes in unexpected places. Tundlers brought pistols into work and took shots whenever they thought they saw Tezelworm, some lit dynamite sticks and threw them. The creature only became bolder or maybe more. different to their his fate, ain't exactly mine rats here, in Europe, speculated Felipe, the mountains are much older than America, whatever lives in them had more time to evolve toward a more lethal, perhaps less amiable sort of creature. It's also a good argument for hell, added Garhard, for some primordial plasma of hate and punishment at the center of the earth, which takes on different forms, the... closer it can project it to the surface, here under the alps it happens to become visible as the tetsal worm. it is comforting to imagine this as an outward and visible manifestation of something else, chuckled one of the Austrians, puffing on a cigar stub, but sometimes a tetzelm is only a tetsel worm. the really disturbing thing, fabio, would whisper, is when you see one and it looks up and sees that you are. watching it, sometimes it will run, but if it doesn't, then prepare to be attacked, it helps if you don't look at its face for long, for the dark you will know where it is, because it will be screaming, a high whirling scream, it's like the winter would winter cold will creep in to occupy your bones, once you have the encounter, gerhard agreed, it is with you. forever, this is why I believe they are sent to us, to some of us in particular, for a purpose. What's that? Rief said, to tell us that we shouldn't be doing this, tunneling, putting railroads, but we're not, reef pointed out, the people who are paying us are, do they ever see the tetsal worm, it visits them in their dreams and it looks like us, added. if that was a little stilted, it's because it's too fucking dark back here, i shouldn't have started that, i'm sorry, all right guys, i'm going out, i'll see you guys tomorrow, i'll probably try to keep them around the same time uh, maybe a little earlier so that i can get in here while it's still light out uh or get a goddamn light anyway bye-bye