 welcome to the chat room, we got lots of games, i've done that one before, but it's still funny to me anyway, i don't about the rest of you, we've got posts the... you can find for any you may need, if you need your posts, we've got your machine, or your disease, whatever, i don't know, it's never a big gnr fan, good morning, Sunday morning, thank you. It's a nice crisp fall day, it's something so crisp, I'm loving the crisp, loving the crisp, got a new flavor today, cranberry lime, I haven't had that one before, it's okay, probably wouldn't get it again, if other options exist, but I always like to try new new flavors, It is an odd combo, I wanted to give it a shot, we're not talking about the fly, we're not talking about the fly, that's stupid, we're not talking about any, in fact I'm not talking to talk about that stupid debate at all, other than to say how funny it is that they're so desperate to make things normal, have I seen the movie the apple? I actually did a charity um commentary track for the apple with Josh Olson and Gareth Reynalds from the dollap and Will uh... a couple other people i think uh during earlier in quarantine, it was pretty funny, i had some good bits in that one if i'm remembering correctly, it's an amazing film, uh, one of the greatest works of the cannon filmers in the 80s, what is soy facing, wow, you have not been blogging on very long, have you? Ah, that's us baby. I have no idea what's going on with the second wave. I, I'm not plugged in in any way. I'm I'm just out here. I mean, yeah, I know the seeds are going buck wild, and I thankfully don't live near them anymore, I used to live right, not, I think the ones that were going Buck Wilder in Burrow Park, I think the the ones in uh, uh the ones in crown heights are a little more chill, they have not been beating people up anyway, and that's where I used to live, but anyway I would rather not be around a bunch of people who refuse to wear the mass in public, so uh, but yeah, I'm far enough away from them that I just keep, I keep my distance and uh, good luck, good luck to all that, I say, I do think it's funny where they're trying to act like uh, in trying to impose health, you know, public health standards on his seeds is like uh, the war saw getto, i don't know how the hell you keep pulling that out of your ass and have expect people to keep accepting it as true and not eventually just rolling the eyes and giving you the old stroke off move why you somebody. says it's a total rejection of modernity, not really, they drive cars, they use cell phones, i mean if they really wanted to reject modernity, buy some land and fucking farm it like the amish do, this thing we're like, no, we don't, we won't have any connection to the to the larger uh culture or you, society, but we also demand modern infrastructure, sorry, you don't get, you shouldn't anyway get to do that, in my opinion, Okay, that's so the thing about the thing I want to talk about to start off with is the uh is the case in Michigan. about the attempted uh, the honestly, I'm sorry, hilarious attempt attempt to kidnap the governor of Michigan and put her on trial for crimes against the constant. constitution which was broken up by the FBI thanks to a paid informant, if these guys were muslim, would anyone take this shit seriously for a second, is what I ask, would anybody, would anybody who is freaking out now about how the nazis are about to come in night of the long knives anyone, would anybody be saying that shit, this is the exact same playbook the FBI ran for a decade when people cared about terrorism, which of course now they don't, which is hilarious, if you're old enough to... remember after 9:11 when terrorism was the defining social anxiety for like for for a good five, six years, now it's off the radar and so we're all scared of each other, the we we we're done going out there, like Iraq was the last the last frontier, we we can no longer impose our will on the world, and we all know that at some level, so now the new enemy is within, and so a lot of people who fucking should know better are freaking out because the FBI had some dude who wanted a playstation who got some some yahoos to say, hey, you want to uh uh, you want to abduct the governor, and they go, yeah, let's do it, and now you got guys saying, oh my god, there was going to be a coup in Michigan, thank god, the FBI came and stopped them, the FBI, the guys who killed Fred Hampton and maybe MLK, they're your friends now, they're the good guys, they're the ones saving us from the from the nazi uh hords. I mean I understand the psychic need to have to feel like to feel like you are aware in a way other people aren't about how bad things are you know because it does seem like everybody is just sleepwalking through the apocalypse and I totally understand that and people want some way that they can signal to others and themselves that they're not like the everyone else, they're not as as stupified as everyone else, they're they see through, they're cutting through, and so one way to do that is to uh, convince yourself that we're on the verge of some sort of uh nazi uh overthrow of the government, and the thing I don't get about those people though, is if there if there was a if there was a coo tomorrow, what would you have done to have stopped it, even though the people are so certain that we're on the verge of some takeover, what would you have done to stop it? what, what, what position would you be in to to uh to oppose it if it happened? you post, you post, he'd fucking post just like the rest of us, and right now, i think a lot of it is, because a lot of people are are coming to terms. that they're going to vote for Biden and they're not happy about it, and so they're convincing themselves that they have to, that that that the threat of a Trump inspired uh uh knight of the long-nives is too, too present, too real to do anything other than vote for Biden, even if you don't like him, and the thing is you don't have to go through those mental gymnastics, it's not, as I have said, a million goddamn times, it's not that big of a deal who you vote for, if you want to vote for Biden, just do it, whatever. not my problem, not anybody's problem, but trying to, but but insisting on a mental realm where you're under constant attack from these uh, these these nazi hoards and then trying insisting that you have to convince everybody else of that too, you you in the interest of just assaging a sense of of of you, violation of principles that you're going to vote for this awful neoliberal, you end up making it harder for everybody else to concentrate and figure out what the fuck is going on. like the people who saying, i actually saw multiple people say it was an attempted coo, if six yahoos show up at the governor's mansion and take her hostage, does that mean that they're now in charge of the state of michigan? is is that what people would think would happen? is that honestly what people would think would happen? and I think another part of it is people want a people want some sort of resolution to all this, people want a fracture point, people want to stop having to go to work in the you know, people want to stop having to pay their credit card bills even if it means they're running from uh lord humongus, at least things are different, at least they don't feel like they're continuing to uh car a a a apocalyptic revelation of underlying conditions that breaks our social obligations. i think that's something the people are secretly on all levels craving and like what i really don't get from like a lot of left left-wing people who i think generally will say yeah the cops are not your friend in fact the real problem isn't even you know the... uh the paramilitaries, it's the police, well then what, how do you explain the fact that the FBI broke this up? like, what do you, what is your, what are you imagining here, like the FBI are uh, are the one good police police force, or that in this one case they did a good thing, or does the FBI do what it always does, which is try to fucking justify its budget and get everybody involved in every specific case, a fucking uh raise and a um paybump. and justify budgets, which is why they do it, which is, yes, all those fake terror attacks that the FBI set up and then thwarted in the in the Bush years, they certainly did have a political purpose and that they stoked the hysteria about terrorism, but the real front of the brain motivation of everyone involved was to was to have a good quarter was to... justify their fucking uh their payroll line and that's what they're doing. i think if there's one thing we can do and there's very little we can do, which is what's so terrifying and so enervating and and sad about the moment and why peop people want to find a grand narrative they can cling to, if there's one thing we can do, it is sort of sit with our real conditions as shitty as that is, and that will help us uh find a way forward individually, because that's the only way we can move forward, because there all sense that there is a collective is a fantasy, it is, it is a illusion that is uh propped up by our engagement with a social media that has the that's appears to be like some sort of cross section of America that appears to be a group of people who are in communication with each other and can hypothetically activate and organize uh through coordination, but in reality is just everyone screaming individually into the void and then making what amount to social groups out of it. the other thing is I think people think that if the right wing is this real threat, if the right wing like paramilitary extreme is that important, that means the left wing must also be in some sense, and it's not. oh who is lord mungus? lord humongus, lord humongus from uh the road warrior, walk away, walk away from the gasoline. Someone's calling, I said someone's call me a hypocrite, probably I am, everyone is, you can't not be, that's the price of living in this uh, at this moment, is that is that principles are, principles are abstract. someone all right, are you not concerned the GOP has the electoral college sufficiently gained to lose at this point they can't to the point that they can't lose? if that's true we'll find out, and if it is, what are we gonna do about it? that's the question, what are we going to do about it? and if you look around, you'll... see that there is no capacity to resist that right now, so build capacity is what we have to do. but that doesn't seem what people seem to be interested in, people seem to be interested in in getting people anxious in making people aware of an of a sense of anxiety, of just this to be on an edge that can only be satisfied at the symbolic level because it's so overwhelmingly at the level like worrying about something like if the is the electoral college and and uh Jerry Mandering and uh voter suppression and vote. vote theft and all the other things that republicans could do to maintain power, can you do anything about that as a person? you can't, but you can fixate on it and obsess about it, and while you're doing that, what are you not doing? people are looking for instant ascension, i think that's it, people think that because the problem seems so intractable in their personal lives and in the world around them, there's so little social context to their existence that if we focus enough at the highest levels, like where the real because we understand that these things emerge from huge systems and structures that are beyond us, if we can concentrate hard enough at that level we will be able to phase transition. Am I saying that the person a nation didn't have an influence on people joining the KKK or top gun influence dumbasses joining the navy? no, it probably did. both of those things absolutely happened, but birth of a nation is not why the KKK rose to prominence uh in the uh in the early 1900s. that is not why it happened. the military build-up of the Regan years was not caused by topgon. and political movements that are are based around stamping down symbolic outcrums outcroppings of material conditions will never affect those material conditions. Oh, who's manking, everybody manking? That's such a weird thing to make a movie about, about the the screenwriting credit for Citizen Kane, I'll watch it probably, it seems like a weird thing to make a movie about, mank, folks, uh, Paul, Paul, you hear about mank, mank, paul, mank. It's Manking season. How bad is the sorkin movie going to be? I mean, I already know what the justifis is going to be, it's going to be uh, those damn yippies, uh, those those, those, those children, those unrealistic punks, Abby Hoffman and Jerry Ruben, they undermined the work of real uh, effective political activists like Tommy Haven. and the thing is, if that's the case, I don't how mad I'm going to be, because the fucking yippies did suck, I'm sorry, they were bad, it was embarrassing, I mean, the purest like middle class uh uh like lifestyle politics, which is part parcel to the uh, to the to the new left in general. I mean the fact that Jerry Ruben became a fucking like stock broker or whatever that's hilarious pretty pretty uh almost it's too on the nose like the fate of most of those guys is is amazing when you look at what happened just the way that everything got subsumed by by the culture the 70's culture of like individual uh pursuit because it was always an individual pursuit it was just in the guise of politics which is true of... now too, I mean, we really are in a uniquely, a unique historical material condition where where it is almost impossible to... to effectively make, effectively live political values, what we can do is express political values socially in ways that almost always end up being reinforcements of some personal branding exercise, and I include myself among this, it's because there's no, the slots aren't there for anything else. way less pro-inter apparently abby hoffin was less pro-intervention whatever that means than uh i am okay i i'll take a word for it i don't hate anarchists i just think that it's not. I don't think it's it's uh helpful, I'm I'm just saying not even that's wrong, not helpful, I just don't think that it is a it is a lens that that is uh effective, that it ends up reinforcing uh all the worst patterns in in like leftist political uh organizing and and thought, but people within it can be very well intentioned and can be effective organizers and effective uh comrades if you want to get. about it, but they would probably be more so if they were anarchists. got some weird comments here today, threatening murder and such. Apparently Pence uh Pence might have it, which if you watched the debate last night, that makes sense, he did not look good, he looked fucking rough, he was looking very, very pink, he had the eyeball uh, he had the big red eyeball, the which uh Biden did earlier in the campaign, remember he first one in one of the uh primary debates he came out just had a perfect red eyeball, i i look forward to this as is the new normal of candidates pretending not to be sick at debates and then just having parts of their body fall off. The only thing I took from that debate is that Pennce is not going to inherit anything from Trump, he is an absolute wet uh towel, lamo, no, absolutely no base, it was watching him felt like looking through a time portal to the Bush era, he was like a free, he was like a dehydrated George W. Bush, all of this charisma removed, and all it's left is is just that squint'. dumb sounding, keeningly winy evangelical tone, which even evangelicals clearly at this point are sick of and want somebody who's just going to big dick people, the man is swaggless, the man is absolutely swaggless, oh god the 25th amendment thing, just these democrats, jump trump just said he's not going to do a stum. people are dying here, fucking people are going to start, people are going to get kicked out of their homes, people are already getting kicked out of their homes, you're seeing the economy itself could completely fucking collapse in the next couple of months, barring another fucking infusion of stimulus. because people don't have any goddamn money, like genuinely are out of money, and she wants to have some sort of parlor game discussion about whether he's fit to be president, less than a month before the goddamn election. she doesn't want to talk about that fucking stimulus and honestly, it's because she doesn't want to do a stimulus either, because she has made the political conclusion that he will be blamed for it, and therefore don't let it happen, and that... "that's cruel, but it might be true, but only if you actually make people aware of that and reinforce it, and instead of reinforcing it, instead of talking about how he's stonewalling a needed fucking stimulus, she's going to go off on a fucking wild gooce chase about his health, even being, it's like these people are absolutely cold-bloaded scum, who have no concern for any human being's life, who play politics strictly as this lizard battle for power and influence, and yet among democrats, even then the..." instincts at doing it are shit, it's amazing, like they're bad and then bad at being bad, amazing, i mean the 20, i mean what the hell congress has nothing to do with the 25th amendment, the 25th amendment is if a majority of the cabinet signs a letter saying that they that the president is not fit uh to to um have to perform the... office, that's where the start of it is, is the cabinet? you think the cabinet, you think Trump's cabinet is going to do that? no, there's nothing, there's no volle for congress, except to take make this the story, and the thing is, all trump has to do is keep putting out those hilarious videos where he's doing proof of life about how you know, you didn't know it, but I'm actually a senior citizen, I, you didn't know, and I didn't want to say it, but I'm actually, I'm a senior, I know, you thought I was 32, you thought I was too young to be president. because of how wonderfully strong i am, all he has to do is keep doing that, and people will be like, Nancy pelose seems like a hysterical maniac, i mean hell, they might lose, knows, they could, like i said, trump winning, trump winning in these conditions, trump winning while dying of fucking COVID, that would also be very funny, so it's not like that's off the table as a possibility. Okay, somebody said about the right, they wanted a clarification when I was talking about the right populism, and it was after Trump uh, said no dice to more stimulus, there's this persistent kind of wish slash uh warning I see people make that the right wing because the democrats are so wetted to neoliberalism and refuse to do any kind of real populist uh rearrangement of the economy that that's going to leave a space for the Republicans to do it and "I think the fact that we have not seen another round of checks this close to the election with a guy like Trump in power and a guy like Manunchanis treasury secretary, guys who do not believe at all any of the Arthur laullshit about fucking uh uh uh about debt, I mean none of them really do, but these guys really, really don't. It tells me that the party itself is for a number of reasons constitutionally incapable of delivering this kind of populism." with Trump and I I I don't think as I have said whoever comes after Trump is going to be more behold into the republican party than Trump is, which means they're even less going to have lessleway to try to actually uh provide some sort of haronvolke social democracy, which means it's just going to be more, it's going to be pure culture, and I understand why people just want some way out of this, this horrible vacuum sealed hell of endless culture war while everyone slowly starves to that, but I'm sorry, that is what politics, two-party politics is going to be for the forceable future, until unless that dynamic is interrupted by a third force, people of humans, not political parties that are that are fused to capital at the top of them, fused. Do I think Trump ever smoked weed, absolutely not, I don't think he's he might not even have done coke, the fact that he does those weird British uh antihistamines tells me that he's got like he doesn't drink, we know that, I think he's got some sort of... weird phobia about losing control uh and so he has to do drugs that aren't illegal that are prescribed the same way he has to get fast food from uh he has to get food from fast food places where it's all always looks the same and it has like the it h everything he puts into his body has to have come from some multinational corporation that's that's that's what tells him that it has it is a controlled product anything else where to come from what's in it who knows he doesn't want to no no no no so yeah anteral probably we know he's on all the weird uh decongestents uh but i don't think he does he's he would not do any illegal drug because where to come from where to come from from and now he is completely he is in a god like high on the fucking uh steroids he's on which who knows how long that will last although now he's wants to push back the next debate which tells me that he's still sick in some like he's aware not just that he's sick but he's aware that he's sick because i don't know i would think that if he was genuinely feeling better he would want to have the debate and he'd be like yes let's do it next thursday. I can show America that I'm still there, and the fact that he's like, let's do it a week later, I don't know, man, got a race eyebrow there, he's he's very right now, I think he's absolutely terrified of going out like Stanchera, he actually. said in that uh uh video he put out today, you people say you're vulnerable, talking about to the seniors, you're vulnerable, and you're not vulnerable, you're the least vulnerable, but in this case you're vulnerable and I'm vulnerable, he actually said that, it's creeping in there, man, it's death of Ivan Ili, it's death of Ivan Illich territory for him, it's the eternal footman is holding his coat and snickering, but whether he'll actually go or not, I have no idea. Am I going to go out like stanchera? Tell me, be straight with me, am I going out on Stanchera? Has anyone heard for Chris Christy? Is he still in the hospital? yeah, cranberry lion polar, weird. the fan, the best thing about that standard sharer story is that you know, and i know at least in my heart that it's not like he was worried that he had any kind of empathy for Stancha, it's that as soon as Stancha died of COVID, in Trump's mind, he became a fucking loser, he was a chump, even if he might have liked him as much as he can like another person, which is very, very little, as soon as he died, he's garbage, and so now the thought, am I going out like Stan Shara, is am i going to be a loser, which is why he's the most miserable man on earth, because he is he cannot conquer death, which is the only way that he could ever remove that the misery of his of his every moment, because this misery is driven. based by the knowledge that this this sensory castle that he has invested all of himself into is uh is temporary stand sher died like a dog bye stan oh yeah mike lee say mike lee saying america is not a democracy uh that's actually classic society shit that used to be a refer of the John society is that America is not a democracy, it's a republic, and they would uh, they would, you know, you always do it like a town hall or something, the cranks, because somebody would say something like, we're a democracy, and somebody would go, ah, actually, we're a republic, so this is just, this is old school paleoconservativism making a comeback, and it's in defense of you know the countermajoritarian inpulse that is now controls government, and I think the strongest argument against that, like beyond the obviously, like even if you take the premises correct, like democracy is ruled by the mob, and the mob is not is never going to be able to understand what is the best interest of all, because they're too selfish and narrowly focused and too impulsive, because they have not been refined enough to exercise discression and uh virtue the way that the the the men of of uh worth do. this goes back to the fucking optimists versus the popularities and fucking ancient rome, but i'd say even on their own premises look at what this counter majoritarian, republican institutional framework has given us. who is in charge right now? these are the dumbest motherfuckers on the earth who have led, like just look at COVID as a as by itself. a singularly incompetent response to a a uh a public health crisis, these guys, these republican institutions are not, they're not sending their best, because you only reproduce privilege, and that means that you're just getting Hapsburgs, very shortly, even with even if you start with purely a meritocratic framework, you will very... get nothing but carlos the bewitches, don juniors and shit, because they're guaranteed spots, regardless of their, regardless of their merit, and living the way that these people do, essentially is designed to prevent you from ever acquiring merits of any kind, ever acquiring virtues of any kind, because you are denied any opportunity to exercise them. because money lubricates everything and it makes uh it makes taking the easy way out almost always the smart choice in the near term and you do that long enough and then you're at best what wiot coke making terrible shirts and thinking that you're fucking uh uh a um - fashion designer. Huby Halloween was not i'd say it's probably the most enjoyable of the um of the Adam Sandler Netflix movies that I've seen mostly because it was such a self-conscious reference to the old Happy Madison movies that everybody liked or more more people like it was it was a it's a weird mishmash of like Billy Madison. uh waterboy, happy Gilmore, all just like packed together, a little nicky, I guess, and he and he finally found a new, it's like he has a different voice in this one, it's sort of uh, it's a different kind of of of of way to talk funny, which hey, he's like 65, I give him credit for being able to to mix it up at this point. but that whole republic not a democracy thing is so funny because it's so transparent about maintaining existing power structures like it's saying that "these are inherently the correct power structures, basically because they persist, which makes sense given America's uh, providing presiding uh ideology and even religious ideologies, which is because this is the land of uh where we made our own destiny, right? this is the land where people came from other places to inscribe the land as we wanted to, because it was it was a continent's worth of free real estate excorporated from people who were not part of any kind of understanding." of the public that wherever that money ended up, wherever that power ended up, wherever that land ownership ended up through that process, by definition is the correct where is where it should have ended up, and attempts to change that distribution are interfering with God's will in a very real sense, interfering with um, even if you're not religious, interfering with a just the just distribution, and the most efficient. most correct distribution because it is the distribution that currently exists. best baseball movie, major league of course. I did see color out of space, it was, it was okay, I didn't love it, but I did think that Cage was fun and the fact that he did a Trump impression, like his dad, because the whole thing is he turns into his his abusive father over the course of the movie, and that his abusive father voice is clearly him doing a Trump impression, that was a fun choice, but it's also it shows you how the Trump era has totally destroyed art in a lot of ways, because "he is not a person who really we should be thinking about that much, and I know that's hilarious for me to say, but I mean in terms of making art, you know, making stuff that's supposed to speak to deep like, if you're trying to adapt lovecraft, you know, you're talking about existential questions, man's place in the universe, and to bring him into it, it's kind of uh, it's a little, even if it's entertaining, which it was, it's also a little depressing, because you just think, oh, like this, this figure, this pathetic figure is now the lens that we're going to look through all of our most important questions through. I talked about the John Brown show uh previously, I did not like the first episode at all, but I'm willing to accept that I might be misinterpreting it, honestly when the character at the beginning said, some people call him a bullshit white savior, that kind of sowered me on the whole thing, and I probably it's going to be hard for me to. uh evaluate it uh fairly after that, so I'll have to watch a few more episodes to see if I can get the taste out of my mouth from that, and for me it's not even the thing that bothers me about that isn't like it's insulting John brown, oh no, my boyfriend, John Brown, I love him, don't say mean things about him, it's more that just that I don't think that that is a uh, that that is such a contemporary. framing that having it come out of the mouth of a character from the 1860s to me it's it's it just flashed to me like oh god no this is another one of these movies this is another one of these shows this is another one of these things that we're all seeing which is how can we take that the past that alien country and instead of trying to understand it try to turn it into now so so take it out of its context and just flatten it into something that we can recognize and doing that to me robs it of any of its uh magic or or what makes it interesting? which republican governor tries to succeed first? well you got to figure - uh uh what's his name the roller chair guy? Texas dude, not Dan Patrick, he's the he apparently he's the more uh powerful figure, the lieutenant governor, but abbot, texas you got to figure is going to make and make uh make waves about it, decentus and Florida, but honestly I think it would all be all those efforts, even if they got like scary, even if it involved you know like demonstration of force, like like Greg Abbot rolls out of the fucking uh state house and reviews a bunch of national guard. going down the the roads of Austin or something, there a show of force to you, claiming nullification or something, it would all be auditioning to run for president, not to actually seed, because these guys are all conartists, and that honestly is one of the saving. graces of the right wing in this country is that it it is increasingly being dominated at even the highest levels at the political level, not yet at the level of of capital but at the political level by by true believers, conartists and people who are both, people who have uh con themselves so that they can con others and what that means is that they can't coordinate any better than than we can, everybody's got each other got his hands and each other's pockets, so yeah, you'll definitely see secessionist murmorings, but it's all just going to be people auditioning to either run for president or get a fox news show or a line of uh catheters to mailed home directly to your home. Uh, I don't think the Republican Party is going to fracture, someone asks if it's going to fracture. The Republican Party I think is is coming together. I think the republican party is is actually coalecing. uh and it's yeah it's going to be a the party anyway is going to increasingly be a rump of of wildly reactionary old people consumed by conspiracy uh and the queification of the party is inevitable um but that's just part of a greater trend of as politics is going to accelerate further and further in the spectacle and as conditions deteriorate more and more and people are forced. to create more and more elaborate fantasy narratives to explain why things keep getting better keep getting worse no matter who's in charge and right now you and it's like you blame the other party you know and that's the reason that's a big reason half the country stop paying attention is because that's absurd you have to have convinced yourself at a basic level you have to have fooled yourself into buying into this thing to make that next step that oh no it's just buse those other guys half the country is like okay bye-bye and so the republican party is going to it's going to is going to pack tighter together it's a democratic party on the other hand i think there's a actual fracture lines there uh but i don't know how how much how resilient this i i kind of assume honestly this resilient enough and republicans getting worse and worse will basically be the glue that keeps the fracture from happening, like the awfulness of the republican party sort of works to prevent any kind of real fracture among the democrats no matter how far the party moves from its base uh all part of the all as expressions of the same phenomenon of of generalized deteriorating conditions, it's it's it's brilliant, nobody drew it up like that either, that's the amazing thing, like at this point That's what it the system exists to continually diffuse popular hostility to actual power holders by directing anger towards scapegoats, either an enemy political party or a a other within within the body politic that must be expungged um and then everybody else just checks out, but nobody ever sat down and drew it up that way. it it uh water finds its own level, but it was written up to prevent popular investment in government, and that it has done, just the way that has happened is changed, like the original, the founders originally imagined that there would not be parties and now we have coherent polarized political parties which have rendered the constitutional system incapable of actually governing. but it is not led to the popular participation, the the burning forth of the ravel, ravel that the founders feared, because the parties themselves over the years have emerged as middle, middle men between capital and the public and have fused some uh behind the scenes in such a way that they that they act as one organism, which was something that was never conceived of by the original uh founders, but which helps to carry out the original idea, which was to keep people out of government. It's kind of amazing. And that's what happens when the system can continually adapt because social pressure is continually vented off, which is what American exceptionalism is based on, our ability to vent off social. conflict, which is going away, our ability to vent off social conflict is reducing over time, but at this, but now we have this new thing, the internet, and I think when I've talked in the past about how the frontiers closed in, and there are no more places to imagine American uh, expansion, you know, nowhere else to to to tease out the American'. can dream, the new one is the internet, and that's why politics is now in practice synonymous with self promotion, because it's the only place where realistic social mobility is possible in this country is if you get a little bit of micro celebrity, of course, talking about myself, among others, and that's where now the the battle will be, and that's where the uh the social venting is occurring, that's where that's where we are venting off the the the current amount of social alienation and dislocation and the capacity. of the internet to absorb it is, i think yet unknown, so that's why i can never buy anybody you says i can't buy any claims that like continuing continually uh declining material conditions will produce x or y or z a result because i honestly don't know myself enough, i don't have enough confidence myself in what what? what capacity the internet has to just soak all that up, rank choice voting is not a bad idea, i mean all those like all those and whistles are fine, but they're not going to do anything by themselves, and the best example of that is Australia. Australia has a lot of the features of the their electoral system that people in America pine for, and they have awful politics, they have less of a live political uh, they have the Australians have less of a live political uh spectrum than we do, even though they have rank choice voting, hell, they have compulsory voting. There's rank choice voting in the senate, I know that's true, don't they have it in the senate, someone an actual Australian told me they had right uh rank choice voting in the Australian Senate, the fact that they have senate by the way is hilarious, why would you do that? Why would you do that? I'm literally having people saying they do and they don't at the same time. Okay, why, why do I even look at this chat, people are just gas lighting me? Oh, Ireland as rank choice spoating, my god, you want to talk about uh, a a morabund political spectrum, holy shit. i i actually respect that about Ireland is that they don't even pretend like their two main political parties have ideological differences, it's really just what side of the Irish civil war you were on, that's it, which is what we had for a while here, democratic republican, it was basically what, what side you fought the civil war on, and they've just they've just stuck with that as the defining characteristic, it's kind of impressive, is shin faine the official uh opposition now because I know they have a unity government right after the last after the last election, it shouldn't the official opposition, and if things get, if things get better there, they might, thanks in large part to the absolute offish bungling of the British regarding Brexit, it will not be because of any uh elector. structure or voting laws, i have no idea what's going on brexit after corbin lost, i i as a treat to myself, i said, well this is terrible, but the good news is i don't have to pay attention to british politics at all, and i have not, uh, something big happens, if if uh if if if if they reunite Ireland or like Scotland succeeds let me know but I am not paying attention to that fucking cursed island anymore it's interesting like Scotland now prob I bet if they did another referendum I'm sure I would bet now that Scott that Independence would win in Scotland uh, but that's why they won't have one, that's why they're not going to do it, they're not going to fuck up again, the way they did with Brexit, they're not going to have any more votes that they don't know they can win, and if they won't let like if if if westminster doesn't allow them to have a referendum then what are they going to do about it, hold their own like Catalonia did, how'd that work out for them? I got to wonder though, like what's the point though, you're gonna rejoin brussels. so some other fucking uh foreign powers can dictate your uh your the terms of your austerity uh the boys i'm watching the boys it's okay uh CGI better actually the CGI there is not as terrible as it is in a lot of other things I think because they make the blood really dark. which kind of hides the CGIness of it, but you can still tell, and it's also very, very on the nose, it's one of those shows you can tell is inspired by someone's twitter feed, which to me, I have, I already go on Twitter, I i i am not, I think a lot of people generally get off on watching shows that are reflecting their twitter feed to them, they're like, aha, it's like a validating, and I, I end up just cringing and going like, oh god, don't talk about this stuff, please. uh fargo is now it's three three episodes in not encouraged uh Ooh, not encouraged, not liking it, not a lot, not a lot of good shows right now. This is an interesting question, if I watch the movie that I really liked the effects, like I thought, ah, these guys are doing squibs, thank god, and then I found out it was CGI what I feel tricked, I think I would probably, I would feel, I would honestly feel kind of dumb for a second, like oh they got me, like in the commercials where it's folders crystals, you know, it's not the it's not store, and you're like, ah, god, maybe I'm a rube, I think more than any. thing i would i would i would chock it down to overtime me just like the the the my level of like ability to discern this stuff declining as my exposure to the real stuff goes away, but after that grappling i would probably just be like, okay good, i'll accept this, fine, whatever, i'll stop worrying about it, if the technology is here, then i'll just accept it, he loved big brother. did did pence is pence been announced, it's confirmed, of course he does, of course he did, of course he did, of course he fucking had it, of course he had it, does that mean that uh, oh by the way, uh, how did that plexiglass barrier do for uh Kamala, I guess we'll find out, I got to say, I understand every argument for why Trump might still win from the unreliability of'. to the fact that there's been a big surgeon republican registration in a number of states, the fact i just saw an insane poll that says apparently 54% of people say they feel like they're better off than they were four years ago, which is absolutely baffling to me uh, you could leave your house and not worry about contracting a disease that might destroy your lungs four years ago, how by that alone do you answer that question, yes, and also of course, you know, we're already seeing it in the in the states that are doing. early voting where in Texas they're limiting uh each county regardless of how many people in it to one collection point for uh for mail and ballots and and early voting in in in Ohio lines are on the block all those things are real but man everyone having fucking corona in the white house to me it just it feels like that it feels like that thing at the end of a movie that that the turning point and of course that's might not be true because we look for things to confirm our narrative and then that ends up taking the place of actual knowledge, but one way or another uh we love to see it and it's very funny and that's really what we should always be focusing on, if we're going to be paying attention to this stuff, at least have fun with it, and i think that's my main argument with the people who want to feel like they're on the verge of being crystal knocked is that how is that fun? i mean i get the... It's pleasurable at a certain level, but that seems to be a perverse and and unholesome pleasure as opposed to just yucking it up, oh so he didn't, he doesn't have it, you people, what, I can't get a straight answer. out of any of you about whether the Australian Senate has - ranked voting rank voting or if Pennce has coronavirus, I i cannot depend on you people, I'm being gaslit, I am being gaslet by you people, and you know what, it's not okay. I actually like this because this does remind me that like this experience of just reading something very fast and getting conflicting information and then just having to in your head decide which thing you believe, that's essentially Twitter, that's essentially online, it's just there's an illusion of control there, because it's moving not as it's not is moving as fast and as you you can control your uh, it's easier to control like your input and and and what you're seeing, but it's the same thing. It's just bleep bloops hitting you in the eye and then you having to have an emotional response to them, man, it really is bad, it really is bad stuff, it really does just make it impossible for you to live. All right, someone is saying that Australian voting is preferential, and they also have proportional representation, so one way or another, it has a lot of the features that people demand that we add to the American electoral system in order to make it more responsive, but has not made its politics any better. all right, uh, what, how, what, how long have we been going? because I know it's getting dark out here, but I might just log off before I have to turn the lights on. Okay, we're over an hour. All right, okay guys, before. before the lights don't go out completely, before the before the darkness comes in and swallows us, it's time to uh take it sleezy, see you guys later, on the flip flop.