 peace train rolling in right on the peace train the piece train train rolling about how the world to come on the peace train peace train rollings ride on the peace train. on the peace train, the peace train rolling softly right on the peace train train, don't you no peace train rocking about the world to come, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace, train, peace, train, forgot the words, something, something, something, something, about the peace train, oh peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, peace train, pea strain, is that when you strain to pee? that sounds terrible, it hate to have to strain to pee, Nothing funnier than being a regular British guy and having a near death experience and converting to islam real left left turn stuff getting people when they don't expect you salute hey folks haven't didn't do a stream last week so... to get one in, don't have a book or anything, don't really know, feel really like i am kind of at the end of the cycle here, you know, uh, china, who knows, america, who knows earth, planet, human beings, who knows, a lot of a lot of question marks, uh, I sure as hell don't know what's going on, that's all I know. how was, how are you guys? he was from greek, he was greek, but he was british, you got to act like somebody's got a family from another place that they're not from there, racists, he's British, isn't he mate, he's a British guy, hello, he sounds like that, he's British, so i thought just have a low key. uh hello episode, just talk things out, anyways any questions, just talk through the chat, nothing too intense, jazz man testifies indeed, i don't know, i don't know what's going on. I think that's uh, the longest short of it. Peru, good question, I don't know, uh, certainly seemed like Castillo uh, was in over his head from the beginning, had a very bad time even getting any kind of uh, agenda off the boards, so like that whole the whole like new pink wave that's Latin America is really problematic because there's it's so it's got such uh shallow roots anywhere, you can go an election, but so what, you know, if you don't have horses, you don't have people who with your back, if you don't have organization to press uh an agenda, then eventually you're going to get neutralized, uh, and you know that's a... That's the that's really the story of uh, the left, whatever you want to call that, everywhere, is that it really does mainly exist is this, chimera, this uh thing people are sort of gesturing towards with their politics uh, but which doesn't have any actual body to it, it doesn't have muscles, it doesn't have uh any kind of real articulation. because the only thing that really does have articulation uh is capitalism, that that's well articulated and everybody is operating within its constraints, and as such... the ability to uh press against any like load bearing or or structurally necessary elements of capitalism becomes very difficult to consider uh and that and that's why i really think that you know there is hope with the capital h for humanity but i don't think for what everyone from marx onward hoped uh which was that civilization which had like created uh capitalism and then had created the socialist challenge to capitalism would then be reformed from within, because even Marx's revolutionary notion is not one of uh destruction of the liberal order built by capitalism, it is the fulfillment of of the liberal like social ideal. and there was a while there were there was a good reason to believe that it was possible, but I think at this late date we have to accept that that the uh, whatever might in the future be called socialism, if it becomes hegemonic, will be in very many fundamental ways unrecognizable socially to uh anything that we would want or imagine. that doesn't uh, the totally different value system and frame of reference, because it will emerge not from, not from this, not as a continuation of whatever the hell this is, but in its wreckage. uh, somebody asked about Bukararin and what he got right? I mean, bukaren was wrong in his fundamental idea which... is that uh that Russia could be modernized without mass misery uh that wasn't going to happen as we've seen nowhere that got modernized uh nowhere that had a pre-modern mode of production was brought into industrial society in the 20th century without massive bloodshed but I think what he did recognize is that having that bloodshed be carried out under the... of a communist regime and in fact the embodiment globally of the notion of socialism and communism would be devastating to the larger project of global revolution, which is what the premise of the bowl takeover had been that it would spark that. because it was going to have to happen in the context of a globalized uh world system that has certain uh requirements of any government that sought to compete on those terms and maintain its power, maintain its control and prevent itself from being overthrown uh, i mean bukar. buukaren's course, which was to try to buy off the peasantry uh, would have left the Soviet Union incredibly weak and would have probably led to the the the communist party being uh at some point overturned. the question is whether that in the broad one could have been for the better, but you know that is one of those classic hindsight of uh 2020 is 20. type of things, but that's just it, somebody says, well then you let the the capitalist take over, sure they do, they take over, but that doesn't mean that the socialist challenge to capitalism goes away, and I think that that assumption that undergirded a lot of soviet thinking was essentially was wrong, it was, it was, I got an echo again, wonderful, great, it just kicked in, like it was not. doing it and then it did do it, well that I don't understand, that doesn't, why would that happen? does anyone know why that would happen? i plugged it in and plugged it out again, whatever, i'm probably not gna long today, especially since i got this fucking echo, i don't, i might not go again for a while if i can't figure this out cuuse it does bother me to know that it sounds weird, i have a fine microphone. This is an interesting, someone says, do you think Mark, socialism, capitalism, what Luther was to feudalism, christianity? uh, I guess yeah, in a way, because like I like I said in a previous show, Luther is trying to save uh, what he sees as is good in the feudal order from itself, which is I think also what Marx is seeking to do, save what is: good from the western civilizational project to save it from uh the exploitation machine that uh undermined and destroyed all those good things over time, well then how do i turn off, how do i turn off the inbuilt mic, but why would it just kick on though? that's what i don't understand, all right, turn the computer volume off, computer volume is off, does that do anything? and like the marxist project is this attempt to save western civilization from itself, which is what Luther, what Luther was trying to do with civilization as he understood it, which was the feudal order, and then Calvin comes along and he is the creature of you know of the of the future, he's the one recognizes the the necessity of an alienated religion to. match and alienated social world, and that does raise the question, that's the kelvin of uh of socialism, and I guess, I guess it's Lenin, problem is though is that that project failed as opposed to the the broader project of universalizing capitalism. I when is religion ever not alienated, when you don't have a, when it is not generated by and reinforcing of class society? I guess for people who think of mauism is like the next like is a different. It's all all those are attempts to to adapt to the reality that the rev world revolution never came, it never happened. which leaves us with this rotting corpse of capitalism that uh will end up annihilating everything about itself? no, history isn't over yet. uh, but I mean, I don't, I kind of think it is, I mean, fugiama is right that there is no, there never, that the challenge to capitalism failed from within it, it's if anything else is going to have to come from out, the problem is because capitalist. is totalized now, we cannot imagine anything outside of it, but capitalism at this point in history is retreating, and what it is leaving is sort of post historical landscapes, and there's going and the life in those post historical landscapes is still going on and processes are going on, but we cannot examine them. the same lens that we use, we cannot narrativize them, the way that we do life within its contours and so being inside of it like we are now, it becomes incredibly challenging to try to uh articulate any understanding of a future, but that doesn't mean there won't be one, it means that it's being made beneath our feet and around us. I don't know, and yeah, like civilization as we know it. that's the important part will be destroyed the way that all previous class orders have that have been geographically limited, this one is geographically unlimited for now, but it will be a process of retreat and then retreat into a course, archipelagos of wealth that will then collapse from their own contradictions. leaving uh emptiness, sterility uh, but also uh growth and and life and ferment. it might still be history, but it's not history, again the phrase, as we know it, as we commonly understand it. because that requires a legibility and a uh, it's not part of, it's it's a, it's a process at the other end of a rupture. and the thing is I don't think humanity will not end, I think that that that desire for ending is a desire to have some sort of uh to square that the difference between living you know in a sweep of of of species. existence as an a finite limited individual. I know, I mean, I feel, I feel very stuck, like literally, I, I feel very, at the at my wits end in many respects. and I'm just asking myself like what do I do, I don't, I don't know, yeah, love, that's all we got, but like what do I do, how do I turn that into a you, project, what? I knew how to do literally anything else, honestly. Napoleon certainly would have been the goat if he defeated in Britain, but I mean he couldn't, couldn't do it. Europe cannot be, could not be militarily suborne even into the 20th century, that was proven. Yeah, you can fantasize about you, uh, anglo-capitalism being sort of harnessed to uh, the French social. model, but but that's couldn't happen because the anglo-capitalism was in every respect able to pile on competencies and uh competitive advantages that left it unassailable. Mike flanagan I saw is saying he's going to adapt the dark tower series. "I will believe it when I see it, because that's been said before, I remember when Ron Howard was going to do it, it was going to be a tv series from I think the walking dead guy, never happens, probably won't happen, it's not unfilmable, that is absolut." incorrect, you could totally do the dark tower, especially as a show, not as a movie, but as a show, the movie is terrible, genuinely bad, breathtaking in its awfulness, uh, but I think you could do, you could do the series as as as a bunch of shows, I mean, uh, the first book would probably not even be, you, you would want to spend too much time with that, because it is sort of. more psychedelic and and spare uh, but you could still use parts of it to establish mood and and texture and all that before hitting the the drawing of the three, because like that, that's ready made to be a show, you could do a television about about the drawing of the three, no problem, and then you go to wasteland and you go into lud and all that, it's it's it's actually pretty, i think straightforward. But yeah, I'll believe when I say it, I'm not a huge flanigan head, I don't really get the hype, I don't got why people like him, I haven't watched the shows though, I watched like one episode of that on hunted hill thing, it was very boring, so again, believe it when I see it. I think that I the way I would deal with blizzard of glass is I would not have it as like a separate series or a spinoff or anything, I would have it interspersed through the show like as a parallel narrative. i i also think that uh would work given like the themes of you know time uh the way that like time and space are are are are like conceptual categories that you can kind of move through. Do I think dollar hegemony can be broken? Who has an interest in breaking dollar hegemoneny is the question? If the Chinese want to break dollar hegemani they would have to liberalize their markets or their their finance markets. They would have to get rid of their capital controls and if they did that what would be the then why are what they lose the point of... of doing it, like if the point of getting rid of dollar higemony is so that you can have control over your own national destiny, that the cost of doing that is giving up your fucking control over your national destiny and giving it over to globalized finance, and they should they cannot. that they cannot consume the way Americans can, which means that they cannot uh replace us as consumers of last resort, I mean like no, there's no, this is where the end of history thesis comes in, like there is no alternative conception of what of how to make this stuff work, because what it is at the end of the... is supply chain, it is a movement of goods from one place to another, it is a movement of resources from one place to another, energy inputs from one place to another, that's it, how how governments specifically carry out their domestic politics is secondary to that, and that was the big thing that the uh, that's the part of the the uh end of history thesis that is wrong, buse there was the assumption that you have to have certain liberal democratic structures in order to have liberalized economy and we know now that's not true, that was just the thing, you tell yourself to while you're busting open these people economies and destroying their standards of living in eastern Europe is well, this will facilitate this awesome new liberal, no there it is, gone, someone says capitalist of Germany does mean the end of history anymore than monarchist of Germany and the industry, we're talking about the first... ever that you have a fully totalized system, that's the difference, you can't compare. to any other time, again it is a supply chain, and that supply chain is what keeps systems of power, elite structures of power intact, which is what all this is serving, and there is no, nobody in any system at any level of power has an interest in undermining. their own power, if they did, it would only be as an individual, and then they would be neutralized and replaced. the seats pick the people sitting in them, vice ver rather than vice versa. now, the thing that might make this whole thing break down faster than it would due to ecological conditions, is if our elites basically go insane from their inability to square their powerlessness, the echo went away, jesus christ, that's not this is not supposed to work. the internet, technology is not supposed to work this way, it's not supposed to fix itself, is this AI? is that how AI works? like we do have the these this uh, these elites embedded within global capitalism who are... are going crazy, are insane due to their awareness of their their relative lack of actual agency, they get the rest, they get the benefits, they they are still wealthy, but not really because of anything that they do, it is all happening without their input, and that is driving the mad, it is alienating them from the system that benefits them. they are alienated from it just as much as people at the bottom are. now that's true of you know the the the tech the finance people too, the people in in the in unmored capital, they might not have the same cultural adhorence at what's being built by capitalism, but they do have a sense of guilt associated with it that they try to expiate, and so alienation is increasing at every level, not just at the bottom. and in that middle strata of wealth and power is where you have the greatest concentration of alienation matched to the greatest theoretical ability to fuck things up to put uh a wrench uh in or put not a wrench in the gears yeah renching the years uh whatever stick in the spokes uh if every if of them act at the same time along the same uh axis of resistance they could bring it down and i think that's the thesis behind you know the accelerationist embrace of uh of like the reactionary current of capital is that they will bring it down maybe but the thing is uh i really don't think that they can do that in a productive way, all they can do is what the nazis did, which is tear off some portion of uh of of the global system and send it to war, send it to annihilatory war with the rest, nothing comes out of that better uh, except for maybe if you're fighting in it you get to feel uh purpose for life in in that moment before destruction, people keep talking about the multipolar world and i still don't know what the hell that means if it's all one supply chain, if it's all one global extraction system where the the the type the type of political economies made by the building of capitalism are essentially unchangeable, i guess the idea is the thought is in a multi-polar world people would uh discrete states would be able to challenge their their ranking, their their their placement within the hierarchy, they cannot do that. US depends on China, not the... other way around, what are you talking about? everyone depends on everybody else, it's all mutually reinforcing, where the hell is China send the shit they make, who buys it? uh, I think like guys like Elon, I don't think they're trying to bring down anything intentionally, but they are having this disruptive impulse just because they're just one, just individual dickheads in a system who have no understanding of their greater role within it, and are able to act independently in a way that previous generations of ruling class elites could never do on an individual basis, and that is destable. but I think the revolutionary or or like uh disruptive capacity that is over rated by some because it underestimates the degree to which instability is a defining permanent feature of globalized capitalism. thoughts on thorium nuclear power and its potential offering, i have no idea what that is, i'm where if you, i'm gonna guess you have to dig it up somewhere, maybe the chinese will crack cold fusion and then all this freddy. is for nothing, I mean all the fretting is for nothing anyway, because this is only one world among very many, and I think we really do eternally exist, moving through them. I have to say uh somebody asked about food reviewing that is... that is content that I relate to, I have to say, Tolkan or Martin, that is not a contest, I know it's unfair to prefer Martin since he's builting on Tolkan, and Tolkan is like the originator, but I don't he does not speak to me at all, I mean, my my dark, as I said, my uh, my uh, lord of the rings is the dark tower books, I was like, I'm an American, what the fuck is this sword bullshit, give me a gun? is very interesting the the people shooting up the substations is certainly. an escalation, although why or who it is, is is, I mean, I think people are jumping to some pretty wild conclusions about what where that's coming from with basically zero uh understanding or evidence of it. so people ask about the battle of tours and what would what if Martel would lost? uh, you know, you you look at the the muslims in uh... in andalusia and then you look at the uh the Ottomans in the Balkan Baltic or Balkans there there does seem to be just a a territorial limit uh to how much you can really take over Europe, uh, it is, it it is a very odd, geographic duck, it is, it's this rump of eurasia that is resistant to central command, and uh, had been since they end of the Romans, the Romans only only were only able to do it because they were able to more effectively marshall military resources than any other power. because their original army was made up of fucking yoman, uh, the original yoman fantasy was built in Rome, it was built among the small holding Roman farmers who who served militarily essentially as uh as their contribution to the state. and then eventually other states caught up, other political formations caught up and the latofundafundias are created and there's the mass uh uh proletarian or the mass uh loss of of small holding prop farming replaced by giant slave plantations, people moving to the to Rome to live on the doll. to eat the bread and watch the circuses uh and once and that's an inevitable outcome of that kind of uh colonial domination and that that's the end of that and then once that's over nothing can replace it, but the roman that dream is persisted and uh the the actual empire never ended, and now it's everywhere, now the Roman empire is the whole is controls the whole world uh in that... the roman conception of the self, the Roman conception of freedom, Roman values are our values and they are incompatible with the finite resources, they're in because they refuse to recognize uh humanity as such. the real civil war hingepoint is uh order is as Harry Turtledov pointed out is if uh if the federals don't get a hold of Lee's orders when he invaded Maryland, but there is also, I guess you could say what if long street had been listened to and and they try to outflank u Mead's army and the third day of Gettiesburg instead of the direct frontal assault uh, but because Vicksberg's happening at the same time that might have also just prolong things. you can got to say think though that like the longer the us the civil war if us civil war had last a little longer it would have been better like yeah like he doesn't necessarily win but he has a chance if he if he goes to uh Maryland if he's able to successfully. invade Maryland, I don't, I mean to, to be honest, I always feel a little uncomfortable doing the hinge points of any kind, because you sort of have to start out acknowledging that you're just doing nonsense, you're you're just having a like a fun time, you're basically uh, it's it's like sports radio and it's not, it doesn't really tell you anything about about history, other than the fact that specifically I feel like uh this iteration of the human social animal has reached its uh attenuation when uh the the technological regime that has been used to facilitate class rule throughout most of human history has reached the point of intensity where it has overtaken uh human will. and how increasingly our lives are not own in a way that has never been true historically. but I will say it's fun, they're very fun, like hey, what, napolean uh, taken over Egypt, that is amazing to think about, leading a bunch of fucking uh, mamalukes to Istanbul, come on, fantastic, and invading England and and chasing those limy fucks around Linconshire, whatever, that's just, it's fun to think about, and that's all we're having at this point is fun, and we have to sort of come to terms with that, I guess, I do anyway. I am going to read years of rice and salt at some point. I i almost bought a copy of a good will one time and I idiotatically didn't, but I will read it. I mean, we're already seeing the rise of privatized militias. Uh, that is going to be a feature. but like even that uh is going to involve strategic retreats because obviously you can send mercinaries into places the capital is otherwise afraid to invest, but uh that perimeter is still gonna have to be uh retrenched and retreated from robot voices. back, what the fuck? what is going on? check audio input mixer, oh man, oh boy, that sounds scary, i don't think i will, definitely not now, cuz that's a recipe. for disaster, i don't know, i don't know how to do it, i don't know how to do technical stuff, i never have, ketchup, ketchup. ketchup, ketsup, yep, that's me, I apologize for Honkler, all day and every day, that is my main uh, daily chore is to apologize. for hankler, i call people up at random and say look, he didn't mean it okay, he's just trying to have a good time, he's trying to hank, how do i talk to my enormy friends about politics without being insufferable? ooh, that's a tough one, because politics are insufferable, it is, it's essentially a fandom. that unlike that is uniquely uh obnoxious because of its uh pretentions to gravity. uh, I would say one way is wait until somebody else brings something up, don't try to wedge it in, don't try, don't wait for a gap in conversation and then drop in politics. I have a real microphone, I've showed. you multiple times, this is a microphone, look at it, it's got all the stuff that a microphone's supposed to have, it's got a the the pop cover whatever you call it. Wait a minute, so it's not the microphone, the mic's not on, it's plugged in, desktop audio is muted, what about that, how's that? does that sound better? does that better? oh my god, wow, that's going crazy. all right, i clicked on a thing. yeah, that's right, i'm a genius. i think i'm doing this on. i think this entire microphone setup is fucking made up. i think it's all just coming off the stupid laptop. Why do I even have a microphone? Why, what, what is all this stuff for? I got, I got a fucking, I got one of these input deeles, it doesn't mean shit, can't even, it doesn't even, it's not even on, good lord. Right, you're but apparently it's not for your listening pleasure because none of it's actually working. Who is the 30 years guy was obsessed with some queen? That was uh, that was uh, Christian Brunswick, the mad Helberstadder, he was called. He was totally sprung on uh, princess Elizabeth, the wife of the elector Palentine, Fredrick, uh, he was horned up to in the extreme for her, uh, it was actually kind of embarrassing for everyone involved, and he was. he he held on after the uh the the the heidbergians were driven out of Prague and he was spent years fighting almost by himself uh in their cause because of how horned up he was it's pretty funny yeah JB Prissker does not have that. dog in him and it always depended like any fantasy about him doing anything required that dog to be in him, and the dog is not in him, the dog has departed the world, nobody's got the dog in them anymore, and that's what people are trying to reclaim, uh, but they're too dependent, everyone is too dependent on the dog removing engine that they live uh emeshed within, the dog has moved on, we are in a dogless world. Yeah, the only guy I can think of who's had that dog in him is the dude shot Shino Albe and that's going to be it, like the people who are going to have the dog still in them are those who are willing to take the consequences of confrontation with a... That's how I know I got no dog. I got to say one of the one of the it is interesting how... people in America for a while there loved wanting to shoot political figures, and then they just stopped, stopped wanting to shoot political figures, they didn't want to stop shooting people, uh, they just didn't want to shoot political figures anymore, weird, weird, weird how that happened and when, one of the funniest failed assassination. of a historical figure was this guy that tried to kill Andrew Jackson. Andrew Jackson was coming down the steps of the capital and this dude walked up to him and he had two pistols in his hand and he leveled them right at Jackson's chest, pulled both triggers and both guns uh misfired, and then Jackson took his cane and started beating the shit out of the guy and his the guys with him actually had to pull the president off of his would be. Assassin, so that's pretty funny. Apparently the the I mean, I'm I'm interested in the new JFK files, the the Jefferson morely claims that they're going to show that that whole deal where he got busted uh pampleting for. the faire playay for cuba committee and then went on local television to talk about it was a CIA op uh that he was doing that as as an agency uh asset which uh I got to say credit to Oliver Stone that's I remember seeing in JFK when when they're talking about that and uh Laury Metcaf says like people said that it looks staged looks like that was uh yeah New Orleans. looks like that was in fact s we'll see if it's true, well there wasn't that CIA substation, the the address on the pamplets was to Guy Bannister's office and Guy Bannister. former FBI agent had a lot of connections, he's a guy who you know if you look at the people he surrounded with himself with uh was deep in like the the castro uh the anti-castro resistance people who were all a lot of them on agency payrolls they they knock down uh the office that that building the guy the uh guy Bannister uh had his office in uh like the next like a year later, like it was already gone by Kennedy's assassination and it's now a uh federal building named after Hale Boggs who was a congressman from Louisiana who was on the warren commission and who died in a small plane accident. Yeah, I think that's why I I'm focusing more and more on history, because every time I try to think about the current moment or or or where it's headed, I just kind of get depressed and confused and uh, kind of angry and and annoyed with myself more than anything, uh, but when I think backwards, the stuff that I have some sort of grasp of the contours on, it's just reassuring, so I guess that's why I do history, because it is fun uh, and does help you place yourself in a context, but increasingly convinced it doesn't really tell you much beyond that. nobody can tell the future, but yet we are kind of expected to understand it, you know, we're expected to be able to anticipate where it goes because of how rapidly things are changing, without changing at all. I think gangs of New York is got a lot of problems as a movie, whereas their will be blood is pretty much like a like a perfect instrument, although Daniel Lewis's prepare performance in Gangs New York is is is one of my favorites, yeah they stopped throwing eggs at people, not even forget shooting people. people don't even get eggs thrown at them anymore, somebody threw an egg at the king, that was cool, are there going to be any more movies? i think movies are on the on the way out, that's one thing i think i'm feel pretty. about the economy, the economics of film just don't work anymore, and that's you know to be expected, like these things are all contingent on like art forms and stuff are all contingent on specific constellations of economics and technology, and the the film-making exper and film uh uh exhibition business was premised on one specific constellation of technological and economic factors that are now. changing fundamentally. i think the theatrical experience will maybe last for a while as the place to go to see massive tent poles uh along intellectual property, but even that is going to uh in the medium term, not even long-term, uh, fade away, and then content will just be at your fingertips, on the smallest possible screens, uh, or the largest one you can fit in your house. But that's it. eventually - i don't i don't know if the kids, i mean i I don't know if they even want to watch films or even shows anymore, i i i think we just kind of want to watch each other now that we can, that's the thing, it's nobody's making an aesthetic choice, it's it's that we are have access to certain technological forms that then train us to want them. Yeah, I know, I know, oh, uh, everyone says that the kids today, but the... technology is changing the way people live, like you have to acknowledge that, and you have to acknowledge that there has been a technological revolution in the last 20 years that has reordered our relationships to each other, that is true whether or not it is also something that an old person says about things that are alienating to them. television did the same thing. cocoo melon, what the hell is that? that sounds, that sounds insidious. you could indeed say that video killed the dang radio star and then the tik tock killed the the uh video star and uh bathing in like the the neural hyper sludge network will kill the tik tock star but what they's off what you're seeing in that trajectory is a steady inward drive uh from from the mass experience of a bunch of people strangers sitting in a room watching one movie to a group of people family sitting in their homes and watching television to an individual looking at their phone or their television screen or their uh computer screen. That's that is the that you can trace that and that's that's an objective trajectory, and it's it deepens the sense that we are not, that no one else is real, I have been meditating a bit lately, trying to do more, it's good. my brain tingly, but yeah, people are trying to recreate sociology by themselves and that that's that's a tall order, and that means what they're going to end up doing is filling in the blanks, filling in the gaps with stuff that they think is them, they think comes from them, but as always is is being uh, supplied to them. walkable cities w well you know walkable anything would interaction the third places would help a lot neom hilariously neom is It's the it's the uh walkable urban dream, which of course makes sense because there can be no other socially envisioned uh uh horizon other than the one promised by socialism, like all the all, but the version of it sold by Elilon Musk and the Saudis uh is an illusion, it's a it's a fraud that can never be fulfilled. because the thing that builds that world is a social order that is fundamentally unalienated, the labor that goes into it is the willed labor of individuals working in concert. like if you have a place like Neom and even if they could build it, the fact that uh, it would require slaves would destroy it, and even if they think they can get to the level of automation, that means the slaves don't have to be in there with them, and that everybody. in there is uh uh a equal, there's still the same people who made that world, who made the the desert outside, made everything else barren and they'll go wild, they'll go crazy, if anyone seen Zardos, very good on this subject. but even these countries that have all the money in the world and are able to get almost infinite cheap labor to build them or not being able to succeed getting them down, i mean even with Neom they built a whole they built they built a hole, they're showing people look at the hole and it's a fraction of the size of the one that they claimed that they would need. Yes, uh, James Cameron of course could build aum, he basically did build neam in New Zealand, well we'll all find out how what is in the way of the water, maybe. we all come out of uh out of avatar way of water next week and we're on Pandora and we didn't even know it, no of course not, it's fun to think about though, it's fun to think about, and that's what we're all doing out here at the end of history, having fun, thinking about things, all right, I'm going to think of another book though, I think another book uh project would be good, if anybody has any uh suggestions, please let me know, doesn't have to be about China. uh, any specific tangents, varieties we can talk about, happy to, but yeah, in the lookout, and uh, maybe I'll have one for next week to to put out there, bye.