 Okay, good. Hey, we're in, I was sorry, I was making sure we were in, I'm hacking into the matrix, hacking into the matrix, uh, it's raining out so I'm not out in my uh splendid garden, I'm in here, and uh, not for too long, uh, I'm not going to be able to podcast, or I'm sorry, broadcast force of habit for too long today. I've got uh, I've got time constraints for uh other media, non-media related reasons, but I didn't do anything this weekend, and I don't want to go three days in a row generally without doing one, so I was just going to put a little, a little nugget in here, a little quieby for you guys, a quick bit, which is apparently what the way people love to consume media, according to noted super genius uh, was it Jeffree Katzenberg, the the fucking brain brain man behind that shit. God, those guys have so much money and they definitely deserve every centr of it. Oh, so uh, so I just wanted to say. I might not don't talk about might what else I might say but um so okay I want to start with this so I said last week that I really didn't like the new show on showtime good lord bird with Ethan Hawk as John Brown and I got a lot push back people said they really liked it a lot of people have said it's great and I decided well maybe I just got off on the wrong. foot with it, i watched i the very beginning of it when some when the character says, some people black folks hate him and think he's a white savior, it hit my hear wrong and maybe i gave the whole thing an unfair greeting because i was primed to not like it because of that moment early on uh but so i i started watching the second episode with good faith and it didn't really change any of my opinions about it i got to say and in fact i one specific moment happened that i think crystallized some of the specific problems i have with it uh and it was uh so at one in the second episode the main character who is this uh young boy former slave boy who is part of Brown's band but then separates off and is in un in cross-dressing as a woman uh ends up in Missouri across the border from Kansas uh as among slaves uh and enslaved I think at a brothle and a character refers to the... Ruffians, the border Ruffians who would go across the border to rustle cattle and intimidate and attack free stators and vote most importantly vote in elections uh for things like you, the the the various uh slave state constitutions from the one of the two competing governments that was always being established in the Kansas area, and she refers to them as rebels, and it just clanged off my ear and I thought, who are these people rebelling against? This is 1860, I'm sorry, this is 18, I believe this is 1856 when this thing is set, the south has not succeeded, Abraham not even, I believe been elect, not uh, Abraham Lincoln has not even been elected yet, the the democratic party hasn't even shattered on the issue of slavery at its convention, yet? Who are they rebelling against? In in during Bleeding Kansas, the federal government under the dough face wretches, Franklin Pierce and James Picannon, who were northern men, whose entire political fortunes depended on absolute uh obsequious obiescence to all slave power. of ours that was how they maintained power, the urban machines in the north plus the slave power in the south, they couldn't, they buse they were the most demanding instituency on the issue of uh um on the issue of expansion and the the fate of slavery in new territory because slavery, slaver self-consciously understood that the future uh viability of slavery as a system depended on continued expansion, that was what drove the conflict that led to the civil war, it wasn't slave. as such, it was slavery in the newly acquired territory, and so the governments that oversaw bleeding Kansas by the Democrats, Pierce and Vicannon, whose northern this connected them to the free state electorate, a part of the coalition, but whose policies were always enough to guarantee the support of the south, so that incentive structure meant that the federal government consistently. recognized the the pro uh slavery legislatures in Kansas and declared the free state constitutions illegal which meant that the laws passed by the uh pro- slavery legislatures had the force of law in so far as you know if uh if the pro slavery forces enforced them with violence the state in the form of the local uh and very small federal troop deployment uh that was there. uh at forts levenworth and uh one other place I can't remember right now, but Dodge, I think, um, would would intervene on the side of the pro- slavery factions, if anyone was a rebel in Kansas, it was the free state uh faction, they were in the disfavor of the federal government, which was the arbiter power there, and the because Missouri was right there, filled with drunk uh dirt farming southern. hoped to scratch a few dollars out of the soil uh after coming a cropper uh in in the settled territories or the settled states would just pour over and overcome everybody with numbers and violence if numbers wouldn't do and i think the reason this is not just nit picking because to me that that for one thing reflects a misapprehension of the strategic situation that john brown found himself in when he did things like perform carry out the uh atomy massacre, which is considered the blackest stain on his reputation, and the thing that makes even people who support him, like as figure him to be a a a progressive or virtuous character in history, have to acknowledge was a overexertion of of of a mania caused by some sort of an imbalance, and his pursuit of the harper's fairy raid in the face of any plausible route to success rendered him in the minds of even people support him inherently mad, and because I think more than even his erratic behavior or violent behavior, it is his very clarity of faith, not in God is an abstraction, but in God is a lived reality, that is what rendered him insane to people, is what renders him more than anything insane to people, and that the insanity they depict in this movie, show is an insanity that is just an in to recognize a more spiritually bound and therefore deeper human spirit to use get abstract and goofy about it, just it it seeks to chop it down to a recognizable framework, oh religious mania plus like well-intentionedness equals uh cook or something like that, and this small thing about rebels is indicative of that, John brown carried out things like the potatomy. in a framework where it looked very much to every observer, especially right after the sack of lawrence, which was when the patamoty massacre was carried out, that the pro slavery faction in Kansas was going to win, was going to take over the entire territory, have it admitted as a slave state, look what was happening in Washington, the the president, the the presidency was in the clutches of a democratic party that was fully invested by the power of the slavocracy, which meant that that combination guarantee that future states would come in as slaves and the only long-term hope for ending slavery in any realistic fashion short of the spontaneous war was cutting it off, creating a cordon sanitair. free territory around the south to eventually weaken and destroy the beast, they starvation of land and expansion, and that's what the south understood, which is why they were fighting so hard in Kansas and why when the issue of Kansas galvinized the north so much that they elected Lincoln over the issue of the Lacompton constitution, that's what the lecompton constitution is what broke the democratic party into three parts, what insured Lincoln would win and what? uh the republicans a stranglehold on the vote in the northern states, such that uh Lincoln was the first anti-slavery candidate to carry every northern state, which means he would have lun even probably without the Democrats splitting up. Why was that the issue? Why did they vote that way? Why did the south then succeed because they saw that the writing was on the wall because of what John Brown did in Kansas? And then in Harper's Ferry, which means that assuming that they were mad. or or blood thirsty or or erratic, assuming that, not knowing it through textural analysis, which come on, nobody reads anything, you're just going off reputations, you're just looking through the prism of history through sort of a broad humanist lens. what you're doing is you're failing to see the tendrils that bound him to the earth in such a way that he could be sane in a land filled with insanity, that he could see the deeper reality of human human interdependence. that was invisible to everyone else and that he was and that what he did pushing at the boundary at every level of what was acceptable and going beyond what was practical or even moral in the pursuit of the next level of engagement with the issue, the next concrete move towards the actual eradication of slavery was predicated by him asserting reality in the face of a lie, and so any our... that seeks to deal with him, i think should deal with him from at least understanding that in this show to me, it seems to me that they haven't even thought this way, they had it had this stuff has not even occurred to them, honestly i think what it comes down to more than anything is that the new left-wing social position that you see in things like a showtime movie with a prestige cast that's going to get written up in all the good uh online periodicles and was going to form the part of a balanced cultural diet for a you know late empire uh overproduced elete in our media in our country's uh media centers and centers of the creative class is that we have now internalized the same thinking about race that the Dunning school perpetuated through American society at the turn of the last century that was when the prevailing understanding and culture was that John Brown must have been insane. because he thought black people and white people were equal. only, only an insane white man could think that, therefore John brown was insane. now the new uh, cynical, apropessimist sort of tnt coats uh uh received wisdom on race, is that John brown must have been crazy to think that white whites would ever treat black people as equal? that they could ever actually affect equality in society, because why would John brown? want to see slavery ended, unless he thought eventually human equality could be could emerge out of white and black living alongside one another. why would he have done it if he didn't think that could happen and would happen as a result of it? and that's the part of it that they now think renders him insane. it doesn't mean he was a bad guy. that's the difference. the old Dunning school people said he was mad and bad, the new afropessimist liberal uh cultural uh hive mind says he's bad. uh because he couldn't recognize um the inherent wickedness of white people or the inherent intractability of of white supremacy because you can't because the inability of white people to actually empathize with black people at a deep enough level to treat them instinctively as a person that that is an impossible thing, even though he felt it, he felt it as deeply as any man could feel anything, that makes him crazy, that's what makes him crazy. and this show is about that, it's about how he was too, he was too, he saw the forest great, but he missed the trees, like the whole first thing, the first thing he does is that he rescues a slave from a from a slaver in Kansas plantation, in the process gets her son, her husband killed, or i mean sorry uh his gets his father killed, then takes him from the plantation and in the process of taking him overhears what his dying father says about his name to think he's a woman and just assumes he is a woman because he can't see her, i mean sorry him, i keep forgetting it's really him, he can't see him, he can't see onion, he can't seeem henry for who he is, because is to mad to recognize to his own white supremacy, to recognize his own white frailty, and so even though he's going to act on behalf of black people, it will never be truly him acting as uh, it will be on their behalf from a position of inherent superiority that he doesn't even recognize because it's drowned out by the voice of God, and that's that's going to, that's the complicated modern. take on John Brown that that acknowledges the reality of slavery and white supremacy in America and that is more uh truthful and doesn't go in for white savior tropes, meanwhile you're embedding in people's mind even deeper, of course it doesn't matter, you now it's all noise, but it's just an expression of a culture that in every way reproduces the idea that and capitalism is happy to do it, that's race is irrectivable on the end of on the on for reactinaries, it's it cannot be reduced because real, it constitutes an actual difference of some sort of spiritual or or genetic uh disjunction, that that that cuts off the obligation between humanity, says you are not part of it anymore. the other says that white people believe that too much for it to ever actually uh be defeated, which then means there can only be conflict, there can only be conflict over resources and victory and defeat, there can be no reconciliation. because there could be no equal terms for a social contract and the question then is who's going to win that fight and given the numbers in america if push comes to shove and that's where everybody gets pushed either up on the right or the left the answer is going to be their own kind because it's who's at the end of the day they're going to trust so anyway not a fan so far we'll see I'm going to watch all of it that's okay I'll keep watching that garbage as our friend Donald Trump once said. I might be wrong, like this all might be getting complicated and turned into a rich bullia base, honestly this is one of the faults of television as as a art form, not kidding about this, I think the one of the things that makes, one of the many things that makes television a lesser in my opinion art form than things like film or literature, um is that the way it is viewed and the way it is reviewed make it impossible to view it the way people want to. Prestige television is supposed to be this narrative that unfolds over time and yet you are seeing it in these intervening chunks. honestly binging is the way to watch it all the the the gapped out way that we we are used to that's actually worse in my opinion because it means you have to have a take o everything before it develops and then you decide, oh this thing in this episode is bad, i didn't like it, it makes you like the show less, it makes you less likely to watch the next episode, and then what about later if it's redeemed as turned of a broader hole, and you realize it needed to be there, but you already watched it, and you already formed your shows, your opinion about the show based on that, and you're not able to adjust, or it's... harder to adjust anyway than when you're viewing something as a seamless garment. anyway, i will continue to watch this garbage, and i'm willing to say it might be better. i will say this though, i do not like Ethan Hawk at all, that is not uh about the artistic intent or the historical value or any of those higher questions. at a pure technical level, i did not enjoy his performance, i didn't think he was a good pick for it in the first place, and i think he's bad in the role, the way he's he's playing the character, forgetting whether it's insulting to Brown as a character by making him this comical uh madman, this don quihote figure um just the way he performs it is to me uninteresting, it's just this stentorian rattle with no with no deeper uh, no deeper connection to anything, it just it just seems to be blood and thunder, it's absolute uh to the rafters, he seems to be just trying to mouth religious piety through a a kind of an empty uh performance of like a tent revival preacher, it just feels very artificial, it doesn't feel like it's coming from him uh, i would really and and the thing is what about first reformed, if he played john brown like he played father tower, we might be getting somewhere, that'd be an interesting play on the character, he's not, he's the opposite of reverend Toller in this movie, and he is as bad in it as uh he was good in that movie. so that's another big hurdle for me is that I don't like him in it like the scenes where he's owning slavers and yelling at them going, I am here on a mission of redemption and then fucking Steve Zon gets. off with a camel cannon and he owns epically 50 slave owners, it doesn't even have any kind of umf to it because he's just never robbed of this sense of sort of comic operafoonery that means that he can't even get any bad ass moments off. i think people are just reading into the want oh they just want to see the slavers get epically owned because it's just another performance of the same puppet show of antifa versus uh uh proud boys uh that we're all psychically investing in instead of... engaging in politics and so I see why people want to get off on that, but he can't even give it to me, if it had been fucking Michael Shannon with his voice cracking like the fucking mountain of doom is is like the the voice of justice itself, willing to also be realistic with John brown's voice and make it like high and crackly, um, he did not have a deep booming voice actually, it was like... like Abraham Lincoln in that way, Lincoln is thought to have or was before the uh Daniel De Louis role defined the character, was thought to be very deep and resonant like Sam Watterson, no it was high and ready, and uh, Daniel Lewis went for that because he had the confidence and he knew he could work with it. Fucking Ethan Hawk it's like, no, it's not bad ass enough, and so he ignored the reality to give him this, and I understand, I understand that the real point of the show. is to take him as like a figure in American history like uh a figure of um our mythology like um uh like Paul bunyan or pecos bill or John Henry and like that's his role in this like that's why there's that's you know it's it's John brown as a as a cultural folk hero if that's the case I don't like the aesthetics of it at all if that's the case you can't go with there, give me somebody who actually feels like they would be bigger than life. I'm sorry, Ethan Hawk, even though he's been good in things in the past, and is an underrated actor generally, he is not larger than life, so you fucked it from the beginning, if that's what it's going for, and I've heard people arguing that that's the lens to view it through, no, no, this isn't John Brown, this is John Brown, if he as Paul Bunyan, this is John Brown as John Henry, this is John Brown as an American folk character brought down through generations of like retelling of you know the the the... history, then he needs to not be Ethan fucking Hawk, I'm sorry, I've lost it right there, so there we go, uh, oh, John Wait, Tom Wait is an interesting choice, Brad Doriff, oh, he's too old now, but oh my god, he could have been good. "if he wasn't fucking british, ian mcshain, but the engine is one of those guys who can't do an American accent, that's why they had to put those funny little bits in of extra dialogue uh around uh uh they had to lamp shade it in deadwood they had to lamp shade that e mcshain was british by having Ellsworth at the bargo is it true that you're descended from English royalty because other" as why does he sound like that? it's like how in - in schwarznager movies he would like to be talking to a date and go, yes, so I was born in Austria, we moved here after the war, after my father, for some reason uh decided he needed to leave Germany. Nick cage is John Brown. Oh god, honestly, with the way this thing is like winkingly self-referential and very of the moment and honestly just, it's the same tone as all this stuff, that's my main problem with it beyond anything even ideological is, it's just the tone is this arch fully socially aware, like the problem with wokeness as a concept when applied to art is that it implies this world wariness and like full understanding of history that honestly just ends up coming off. as cultural as capitalist fucking realism, it's just more just a wary snarl and a and a wink, like oh no, we've metablized the whole pageantry and horror of human history without having imbued it with any emotion beyond our pale reproduction of it, our our our quotation marks ironic appropriation of it. so I hope those people who still like the show will engage with this critique because I feel like I've articulated some genuine issues and I would like to see some people who like the show like I'm seeing. some like people i'm generally very sympathical with saying they like it. i haven't asked mac carp yet, but i got to find out what he thinks. i'm going to text him i think after this. Steve Shirippa, there is go, that's good. but anyway, it couldn't be an Mcshain because else waren can be British, i guess, but john Brown is American in every sense. is the distilled promise of America. and and all the things that made him genuinely mad, and I would agree that he was mad in the sense that he his personal perception of God was so imminent in his like moment by moment life, he was so imbued with it that he basically was hearing voices, he was not in our consensual reality or at least off enough of it, off by enough to constitute uh being unable to recognize the same reality we do, sure? but only because he was driven driven that way by the need to assert principles deeply deeply actually lived and felt principles of equality in annabel America as it became more and more overd by slavery, because the other thing that drove drove Brown through history was the accumulation of the power of slavocracy and the and the expansion of slavery and the rise of slave influence. over government, my god, the day after Lawrence Kansas was fucking sacked, Charles Sumner was beaten at his desk in the fucking congress by some hillbilly motherfucker from South Carolina, was too cowardly to even let him stand up for himself because he was over 6 feet 2, he probably would have starched him, and was and received and received in response bouquets of canes sent to them from the good people, the good gentleman, the good well-bred gentleman of the south, fuck. off, they were murdering free staters in the streets as well, the fucking sack of lawrence was validated by state approval, the difference in was that the difference in moral calculus boils down to this, John brown's violence had a threat of being met with state force, which meant he was risking something by it, the violence of pro- slavery people was engaged with casually because there was no fear that there would be any kind of uh uh state intervention against you, you'll serve, there will be no consequence for this, so it's free to do, get get drunk on corn liquor, drive some fucking free soilers out of town on a rail, tarn feather them, burn down a fucking uh, hotel, loot a pritting press, have your way with a farmer's daughter, it's all in good fun cuuse who's ever going to stop you, John brown is operating under no legal sanction, which mean he was risking, his violence was a risk to himself. so that means it had to be pursued by a deeper belief than the mere belief in indulgence of the ruffian scumbags. and honestly like the the answer to this might be, maybe you don't make a movie about John brown, maybe you won't make a TV show about Brown Brown, maybe some things are sacred, maybe some memories, some some people, some stories can't be adulterated by the moment, by all the intersecting, baffling, demirgical uh delusion of the current. that we live in, maybe we don't need to imprint it by creating a new document that people can psychially organize their understanding of an idea around and thereby desacralize it and pull it out of its context and render it cheap and tadry. maybe that's the answer to this, maybe you don't do it at all, it's not everything in the past, but maybe there are some things that you just don't fuck with, just why i believe this, i honestly believe this and people can get mad at me. if they want to. i believe that in an ideal society there would be no death penalty for any crime committed against person or property, but that there would be the death penalty for the wanting killing of certain animals, because you have to have and enforced and understood social conception of sacredness. i'm not saying execute people for putting john brown on television, i'm saying that just maybe have some respect for things. some things and you know it's up to you to figure out what those things are. all right guys, i'm going to wrap it up here, i think i got my, i think i said my peace. If you want to, if you want to hit me up in the DMs to wrap about it, I'm always open for business. Cho bella.