 They made up their minds and they started packing, left before the sun came up that day, something, something, eternal, some are snacking, where were they going without ever knowing the way. something happened and they were behind us, always more important things to say, turn them in something else, i forgot the words, where were they going without ever knowing the way, here we go, this is the part anyone can see the road that they walked on was paved in gold, it's always summer, they never get old, they never get hungry, they never get old and gray, you see them shadows wandering off somewhere, walk that together, but they really don't care, wanted the highway, the happier there today, today, the way by fastball, remember that one, they had another hit that people don't remember called uh, out of my mind i believe, out of my head, want you out of my mind, how can i ever be so blind, that was it, then they went away, which now i don't think happens, nobody goes away anymore, because you can always end up on cameo, and you can always go on a uh humiliating reality program. all right, hi everybody, we're doing chapter three here of the dawn of everything, i'll mostly just be like recapping the argument, because i honestly at this point don't have a lot to respond to be. because i don't really know that much about this stuff, i'm not a uh connissour of early modern or of early human uh history, so i'll just throw some you know half-baked reactions here, but uh at this point in the book, they're still very much invested in grab grow, very much invested in demolishing certain uh lingering. cliches about early humanity, although I have to say some people have told me that a lot of the stuff that they're like kind of claiming to blow the lid off has not been like current thinking in any of these fields for a long time, but once again this because this is a very self-consciously uh political act to try to create a uh new narrative for a general reader, and what that means is a... establishing your uh right to speak basically and your uh legitimacy and the way you do that is by killing uh the old gods, because while current thinking on a lot of these subjects might have gone beyond a lot of these cliches that they're debunking, the the frozen sort of popular uh understanding of these things uh might not have. so they're establishing credibility by killing their old god and saying uh whatever you half remember from school about the origins of uh human social structures uh is bullshit and we're here to give you the real stuff so one of the first uh so they start by uh talking about the ice age going back to 30,000 years ago humans uh, I'm sorry, uh, 60,00 years ago or so, uh, when humans start to uh, produce like a material culture that we can look at, uh, and one of the first things that they point out, that is not something we think of, is that very early humans would have been much... more physically diverse than humans are now, which is kind of an interesting thing to think about that humans would have looked radically different, they say it's it would have been like middle earth, there would have been giants and dwarves, and I know enough to know that... there was a hobbit race discovered in Indonesia right on an island, so that tracks, so we have humanity that is much more physically varied, but uh also fundamentally unnowable in many ways because of just how removed from our site their lives were and how little remnants they left uh of their civilizations or of their... existences uh and then the next concept that they debunk, once again something something i have a feeling has been not current in the field in a while is the notion of the sapient paradox where you supposedly had human uh existence like human social existence coalessing and then a uh uneven distribution of uh evidence of material culture, like humans taking their minds to the task of reshaping the world around them, instead of just living uh in the world as animals with with minimal um uh like considered expression uh and grabgrow uh claims that this sapient paradox uh is actually a mirage caus by the fact that while uh Europe for a long time seemed to be uh the only place where you'd find evidence from 60,0 years say uh ago of things like you know uh tool manipulation and especially uh the creation of pigments and and decorative items that... that disparity actually came down to the fact that Europe has a lot more money now and has a lot more money to spend on things like archaeological excavations and so the evidence was uh more plantible there because the resources devoted to looking for the evidence was more uh robust and that now in in in uh the recent history we've found evidence of human uh culture, human material culture from 60,000 years ago uh all throughout uh the world from Indonesia to to Africa and the the point of this for Grabgrow is to say uh that everywhere as soon as humans begin to uh live as humans amongst with each other they act like humans do they they consider they express uh they create. and this is part of a a one of the stronger uh assertions of the book so far that these ancient humans were in all fundamental ways basically like us in that they were capable of political thought and political consideration and deliberation and that that affected the the choices they made in how to live, they were not. uh being uh sort of herded by nature in one direction or another without the ability to intercede through collective action. uh, the grab grow point out that a lot of the times uh books about early humans compare early tribal humanity to uh chips, and and binobos and other apes and not to humans, because they'... the the the the buried assumption is that they were more in their social lives like apes than they were like modern humans, and grabgrow's argument is, no, that is not the case, they were basically us at a lower level of Jesus Christ, terrifying. fucking amber alert, there was an amber alert guys, yeakes, and one of the things that undermines uh the traditional understanding of these things most is the fact that uh the hunter gatherer bands pre-agricultural civilization uh carried out um uh monumental architectural constructions uh that would have required a degree of social collaboration and cooperation that is outside of our general understanding of what a uh huntergather pre-agricultural non-agricultural society. uh is capable of like in uh Turkey and in Russia you have these massive temporary structures that are put together uh and they claim that they are put together around seasonal um hunting festivals that that humans would spend large parts of the year as smaller bands uh searching for sustainance throughout a region and then in certain periods of the year when uh animals like gazels or mamiths were moving through natural choke points, they would all come together to uh kill as many of them as they could, and then uh, had a extended, ritualized feasting uh time, which also involved the creation of these giant structures and to build that you need... social organization in a way that conventionally is understood to only be possible in a context of fixed hierarchies and generally agricultural uh production and in some cases and uh such as the civilization that made the stone made stonehenge there is evidence that uh, they had carried out agriculture for a while and then stopped, made a decision, made a conscious decision to stop doing settled agriculture. once again, evidence for fluidity and the ability of early humans to choose their own destiny and their own adventure as it were. they also talk about how uh primitive culture accepted. eccentricity much more readily than uh our civilizations do and that eccentric figures, people who are physically and uh psychologically distinct from the community had uh were were uh respected to some degree or another uh and that this phenomenon explains why uh there are a number of anomilously um uh rich grave sites from this era you have uh uh skeletons covered in jewels and and finally crafted artworks, things that would have taken thousands of hours of labor to make and were buried with people, at a time when very few people were buried at all, uh, and this has led some people to conclude that these early civil societies had hierarchies and aristocracies and that these uh graves are. evidence of that, grabgrow claim instead that since so many of these uh relatively few graves that have been found uh are people by children with uh actual like genetic abnormalities like dwarphism uh that it's more likely that these were honored graves of uh eccentrics in some way or another and that points to a way that social uh that not a non-hierarchical sort of egalitary and uh collective social organism can be pushed in one direction or another absent a over lord, absent a uh a chief for a king with uh stable and uh sovereign power is that is that in times of crisis when decisions have to be made uh you can turn towards these sort of holy... uh figures, yeah, the midsummer incest child, very good example of this. so then they talk about Cloud Levi Straus and his work with the napekwarma uh society in the Amazon, which is a very interesting uh uh tribe that has seasonal changes in their structure of their society, during the wet seasons, they live together in uh villages, in covered buildings and in the dry season they go out into small family size bands to uh find resources uh and that when there and that there are there are chiefs, there are sort of uh chosen leaders who exist in both cases but have different degrees of authority given the uh uh the structure during the summer when they're leading hunting bands they have actual authority over uh their uh fellows, but in the villages that authority disintegrates, which is also something that happens with uh certain inuit tribes where uh during hunting uh expeditions you have a rigid patriarchy and then uh in the winter when everyone is hold up in the big meet in the big meeting houses eating all the blubber, it's basically a giant uh poly orgy with no hierarchy or rules at all. and that the uh Shayan and Lakota after they had adapted uh Nomatic horse uh uh nomatic horse horse-based lifestyle after the introduction of Spanish horses into America uh had a similar situation where they would spend time uh hunting as spans uh that had no real connection to one another at that moment and then coming together for massive... feasts, rituals and that during these periods, not only did you have authority in in the form of chiefs, you had authority vested into police, essentially a police force that was there to police behavior during these uh, these mass gatherings, like - basically your uh, your music festival security, the guys in the yellow uh windbreakers. and then all of these structures had about them the uh the commonality that they're that the traditions embedded within them seemingly designed to prevent the accumulation of power uh and the and the abuse of power by any click or individual uh and uh according to grab grow. one of the chief critiques of this notion that that there is a self-conscious rejection of hierarchy in these societies is, well how would they know what to reject if they never lived under it, and for them seasonality and this seasonal change necessitated by the conditions of sustenance uh is it what explains that at least in part, because while they're hunting, while they're seeking. sustenance during lean lean times, they do experience authority, and they and the authority that at that moment is necessary to successfully procure sustenance, but that when they come together, and that that need is gone, and there is a degree of plenty, because all of the the product of the hunt has been brought in, all the surplus can be enjoyed, in that case they don't want to feel the uh abbregation of of in of rights and and or not rights but the they don't want to feel that that boot on their neck uh the that they feel when they're out hunting so that's that's the idea there, what happened to the other page? i had another page here, ah crap, i had another paper. Oh well, I'll have to keep going. All right, I'll have to just look through what the rest of this is, or is that everything? Oh yeah, that is everything. No, that's not it. Oh yeah, here it is. So the main point of this chapter is to make the case that there was no transition. from hunter gathering to agriculture whereby people uh shifted from one to the other that that both systems existed simultaneously that all systems were uh accessible to early humans in the state of uh of superabundance i guess you call when you consider how few humans there were versus how much resources there are the the uh on the planet earth for humans to access. Now there might be areas where uh you lose lose the ability to sustain yourself, but you could move, nobody is holding anything down, and so you had systems like uh, the you had these mixed systems where people would go out and gather, do what they had to do to survive in that condition and then come together and consume, and in that... uh and that their uh political order varied depending on the demands of uh the the the conditions they were dealing with, and so if if that's not the case that there is this rigid structuring from one to the other that there is this stagism, then the question is not, how did uh inequality emerge out of something like agriculture being uh adopted, but rather why did we get stuck in one? why did we get frozen into one arrangement uh that was hierarchical and and that did demand uh the assumption of authority uh through orders of power? when did we stop moving and shifting? and they haven't gotten to it yet, but i'm assumingly will stoon. uh, i know from reading about the book that their big, one of their big arguments is that agriculture, the adoption of agriculture did not necessitate hierarchy, that there was a significant, there were significant agricultural societies that were able to organize uh horizontally around agriculture and I don't know we haven't gotten to that point yet uh but their big argument is that it it was not that it was something else uh basically that it is not determined by material conditions that's that's their big overarching thesis here and we'll see as I said I don't know uh we have. really gotten yet to uh to that, we're still in the background breaking down uh some of these assumptions and rebuilding them with new ones, and I have to say as I said, I don't really know that much about uh this area, but it certainly seems plausible, you know, uh, I certainly unders, I certainly accept the premise that early humans were capable of making considered political decisions, I don't see any reason why not, if they are capable of communicating with each other, then they're capable of making collective decisions, i think that's axiomatic. so next week we'll read the fourth chapter, let me see how long it is, this actually ended up not being very long and not having that much to talk about, so I might do two chapters next time, I think I'll just do chapter four next time, yeah it's pretty, that's like 50 pages, so I mean it makes me think like, okay? well what, what, what did stick us, if that's what happened, what did make us stick, with hierarchies, i mean the first thing that just comes to mind is written language, and obviously that's a that's a chicken and egg situation, but i can see a situation where writing emerges out of a practical need, by a specific uh situation and then once imposed uh has effect of freezing social structures and and I think very importantly uh dividing social uh organisms between the literate and the non-literate but I don't know. because once again the the argument here is that uh is that it gets fixed so it's not a question of when a hierarchy emerges really. It's when uh the uh when the alternative to hierarchy disappears amongst the people in a given area, but yeah like the inkens inkens were hierarchical shit and they didn't have written language so. but I do really believe that at a certain point a uh a economy based on surplus extraction uh will destroy any vestiges of uh of egalitarian social relations uh because the reality of uh of one group of people repeatedly and systemically consuming the surplus produced by another uh shatterers social bonds, at least the kind that are necessary to allow for horizontalism, at a certain point people are no longer living in the world in a natural world, the the or even a collectively uh agreed upon version of the world, they are living in a version of the world craft. in one way or another, they might be alienated from it, they might be unhappy within it, but their understanding of the world is still restrained by it, and technology has the has the effect of overtime uh reifying and extending the power of that that realm, that that fantasy world to recreate the earth in its image and to and to spread the uh vocabulary of that reality uh much more deeply, and that's why I think that at the end of the day, a lot of the stuff that they're saying about in this book about how things were possible, how the the liquidity uh of uh human possibilities uh in prehistory uh is not actually very relevant uh to the... moment, because I think in very real respect, we are different, we are different species, like he's saying that early humans were capable of political thought and deliberation, I believe that to be true, but what that means then versus now, I think is uh, is fundamentally distinct. and I think it comes down to human civilization or human uh culture, whatever you want to call it, from bands to advanced societies, wherever it is, whatever humans coming together to to live, is a dialogue, right, and in this chapter, grab grow talk about how real human thought is really only capable in conversation, real human, communicate that can be deciphered by humans, now what they're going to determine that this that what the nature is telling them, might very well not be accurate, because they don't know, but if enough people come together to figure out what nature is saying and act accordingly, they will, if they're wrong, they will get owned, if they're right they will prosper and if the if they prosper, they will continue to accept what nature is telling them, basically, and then technology emerges as a way to, I mean, the first technology really being language, I mean, the first technology of... then subsequent technology is an elaboration of that process of of having human interaction that can move towards group prosperity. an idea that there is my interests that there is an i, that there is a u, that there is an us and that they have interests that can be aligned, and then technology can help move those interests in one direction, but those tools, the technological tools are not equally accessible to everyone, and it's that a symmetry. that over time accumulates poles of oppression and uh and of domination and those and those pulls pull us away from that dialogue that we that humans were having and replaces it with technological compulsion and at the same time pulls us away from the natural uh partner in the dialogue, and humans in this point in history have been uh so thoroughly alienated from the uh feedback loop with the natural world and so dependent technology to make up for that alienation, just as it makes up for our alienation from each other, that the uh spontaneous power to just live differently that grab grow are basically arguing is always present in humanity, cannot be effectively pursued, because the necessary... um the necessary relationships between people and between the environment have been severed, our attempts to to find new ways to live are always going to butt against these rigid technologies that at any given moment hold sway over the vast majority of humanity like property like these these societies that grab grow talk about have in common one no language no written language and two, no property, and those are I think related. That means. the ability, just the sheer ability to enforce hierarchy is is seriously limited, because how are you going to make somebody do something for you if they don't want to, who are you going to, they can just leave, and that is not a thing that current humans can do to enforce uh egalitary. and horizontalism, but we'll see where the rest of the argument goes. because unlike in pre-history, any attempt to uh organize small scale uh alternatives to uh... systems of control and domination and hierarchy and conveyor belts of uh of resource extraction uh depend on those networks, they cannot opt out of them, and that people who make them up are still riven with those same uh, imposed identities that living in these structures has created for them. I mean the chaz certainly I think is a sobering example, I mean there's you couldn't even write it right, like if you think about this, you couldn't even write this, I mean that's really, I think if you want to understand like what what? hyperrealism or late capitalism any of these buzz words mean like as terms of living them, it is that and and this for younger people doesn't make sense because they've never lived any other way, but for somebody who's a little older who experience the end of history in the 90s, when we all kind of knew what was coming, we could we could sense it, but we couldn't articulated other than in you know satire and in uh uh dystopia. that we imagined uh, all that's here now, and as a result, the uh, the tropes the of of like ironic uh reversal uh that made up our earlier generation of artistic responses to the anxieties of modernity uh are just reality. It's just what happens like Donald Trump being president uh and take the the the situation in chaz where you had this massive uprising against unaccounttable police violence right disproportionately applied to uh black people right leads to this area in the center of seattle where the police tactically retreat and allow a self-organized uh little quasai political commune to to evolve and people show up and they want to they want to do land acknowledgements and they want to bring in animals to try to start farming and of course a bunch of people show up, people who are maybe strangers, people who people don't know, and a police force self- appoints. uh with guns, many of them, I guess were, a few of them anyway, were were veterans, uh, and in the course of their duty of non-hierarchical uh, anarchist police force, they shoot and kill a young black guy, a young black kid, and then after it happens, uh, make a public statement saying that they're doing an internal investigation. which is exactly what police forces say after they do a a shooting of a young black kid. i mean, Wait a minute, loa, land acknowledging and still not returning it, returning it to who? I got to say, the idea of land back to me doesn't make any sense, because these the natives who still exist in this country are Americans, I'm sorry, at the end of the day they are American capitalist subjects. putting them in charge of land does not change the charac the character of uh the system that we operate here, it only changes the names on the deeds. and the idea that you're going to have a very small group of people even if you say okay, not just any natives, but the specific ones who have good politics and want to decommodify land. who's going to aceed to that? mass movements and mass politics are the only thing that's going to transform social relations in this country. because we are all, I mean, all of us are wildly alienated from each other and from our environment, and I do think that the the the task of socialism is to mend those fractures and to mend that alienation, but that the only way that that happens. is by taking the technological connections that exist between people, the technological capabilities of of land and resource management that exist and democratizing them, which is a political project, and it is a material project, and it can only be carried out by, I'm sorry, by the uh, cultivation and advancement of class consciousness, people acting in coordination, along an access of material interest, because that is the only thing, that is the only thing that can truly discipline people towards a goal. all other interests, the interest of the abstract ideas of being free or something, can be manipulated in the mind into meaning anything, it is in every moment, the capitalist bonanza allows you any any number of ways to feel like you're expressing your individual individuality and your politics and your supposed desires, but material interests. hunger, security, they can't be uh, fudged, they can't be compromised in the same way, if you're on the shit under the stick, if you are seeing yourself declining, principles can mean anything, and something like chaz is a good example of that, a bunch of people come together to create this alternative model and what? does that mean? it means whatever anybody already wanted it to me. i know there was a guy there who was like a fucking soundcloud rapper or something who was like getting his mix tape out or something and that was what that meant? if you if you horizontally organize. alienated capitalist subjects, they will recreate structures of capitalism, absent a material project. to literally discipline them, but not externally, it is an internal discipline, if i i if i am going to have a better, if my kids is going to have a better life than i do, if if hell, if i am going to be able to sustain myself in even the medium term, i have to do this, and you have enough people who come to the same conclusion about what that is, then the the discipline is internal, and then structure. of hierarchy that emerge, emerge out of the necessity of organizing the people into effective action, any other thing that you're trying to do just means what you wanted to mean, just like fucking just like morality has meant in the west since protestantism, what God wants, what liberty is, whatever abstract notion of the good you're pushing for, is what you already wanted anyway? what you wanted is of course not your want, your desires are not your own, our desires are imposed on us from the from the culture we're inmeshed it. so any project that is not grounded in material advancement for the working class becomes individual self-expression which is the uh indulgence of the ego, you might not think of it that way, and you might not consciously be moving in that direction, but once you get into conflict with other people, this is the important part, because that hierar that horizontalism, that is not without conflict, of course it is, people have different idea even if they're all they're all 100% earnest and they think they've cleansed themselves of of uh their bourgeois uh taint. uh the their uh understanding of the world and what to do in it is going to be different and they have to figure out how to move forward. in the conflict, the only thing that emerges is the most base and selfish is the rule of the person who is willing to manipulate the system towards their ends. You either get a charismatic cult leader or you get a uh, you get ruled by the most annoying basically, the people who are most willing to badger and uh and refuse. the compromise, and again, absent material goal, there's no way to know if those uh, if the goals of that group are compatible with effective action. but we'll see, we'll see with more. Next week will read chapter four, that's my big, that's my big sticking point is that if you're not listening to like the rumble of your stomach, if you're not having your needs, your uh politics sharpened by by real consequences. It ends up just being a game, a game played with uh the tools available to a capital. economy and it will be accommodated to the extent that it's compatible with the continuation of that system. somebody says uh... that the Soviets wanted to do public transportation, but everybody wanted a car, and uh, that they assume we'd make a better people with a better society, and we were wrong. Well, the thing is, the Soviet Union as I've said several times, uh, was a in a broad sense, certainly after 19, 21, a mistake, now that doesn't mean that when the people in it should have given up. i i think Bukharen was basically right, but because of the Soviet Union's need to compete with global capitalism on its own terms, it was never able to transcend labor alienation, workers still, I mean you could talk about the degrees of self uh management that existed uh in Soviet late uh manufacturing, but they still were factory workers. mainly the same way that American factory workers were, their their lives were broadly similar, and so it makes perfect sense that they want broadly similar things, a bigger refrigerator, a bigger car, absent the ability to truly dictate the terms of their own uh laboring lives. Well they say somebody said Deng did this, well right, but Deng is operating uh, in the wake of the Soviet Union and the creation of the Soviet Union, I mean in China, they're basically, and this is honestly uh, long-term unsustainable, I mean that China has. uh step back to capitalism, state sponsored capitalism, and and but has still predicated on giving people the same promise of material uh, consumption that America did, which just cannot happen given the current uh ecological constraints, you can't have a billion Chinese people. living like Americans, and that's all that there is, absent a project, that's the thing, once you go from a revolutionary project to a settled uh state system, alienation is going to compound and and and spread and and have to be filled. in with promise of material soluce. And there is a contradiction between uh, a working class movement that is predicated on advancing material interests and the necessity that a socialist government would... have to re would as part of its creation reorient people's uh understanding of what their material interests are, and that's where that's where the the the uh revolutionary project comes in and that's honestly what the one that is the germ of trotski trotski's uh deepest. I think is the knowledge that if you just have another state with uh with central planning instead of uh of a market, you still have the same fundamental social alienation at play as you do under capitalism, and that it is the revolutionary project that changes people's relationship to each other in the world around them in a way that redefines for themselves what material interests means. and and of course it doesn't mean that there's no there wouldn't be alienation in a like a literally progressive like uh forward moving uh uh socialist state project but that that al nation would be channeled rather than as it is under stable state structures that we live under where it accumulates and can only be subsumed, can only be uh denied by the creation of structures that only compound the alienation in the first place, oh people are doing crimes, well get more cops. throwm in prison, that creates its own problems that then require their own solutions, people are - people are pissed off, give them a give them cars, give them, give them uh suburban homes, well that creates their own, that creates their own crisis, and it's spiraling crisis and the state can then only ever be caught in a in a cycle of adding contradictions on top of contradictions rather than fundamentally uh facing the contradictions as opposed to a revolutionary uh com communist or socialist state where alienation is uh structured towards the fundamental act of uh combatting uh bourgeois social order which doesn't just go away that has to be in every detail isolated and reduced. okay, so next week we're going to do chapter four, see what happens. and talk some more then bye-bye.