 in the suffering madness, the locomotive breath and the all time winner, head long to his death, i feel the piston scraping and griping off his brow, i thank god, i stole the handle. cuz a train won't stop going though it could slow down, yeah, and the suffering madness, the locomotive breath, head long to his death, you can't stop get bible, oh done at page one, i thank god he's still the handle, yeah, yeah, okay, sorry for the break, but we were on tour, but i'm back now, back here. back at the place, back with the setup, back with the book that we've been reading up until now, dawn of everything by David Grabgrow, uh, chapter eight, this week's chapter, I'm looking to drop another one of these on Friday, just because I want to catch up a little bit, uh, since you know we were gone for I think like two weeks during the tour, three, maybe, so I'm going to do the chapter nine on Friday. so just trying to knock off eight here, so this is chapter eight of the grab grow book where we get into early cities, the birth of urbanity, something that according to grab go has traditionally been understood to be uh when humanity essentially becomes inevitably married to systems of high. and power that we all are familiar with, because things got just too complicated, there were too many people, it required the creation of alienated structures of power that over time of course a cruwed upwards, because that's the only way that you can manage large numbers of people, because once you get beyond the tribal level, there's something called the Dunbar number of around 150 people who you can have a maintain a mental uh narrative of engagement with that you can know that you can feel like is not a stranger to you, and it's in those groups, theoretically that it is imagine thegalitarianism can be maintained because of the persistence of personal relationships and past this number, this dunbar number, you're dealing with strangers and you need mediating alienated institutions of authority to uh live strangers, which means hierarchy, this basic hobsian in insights, but what grab grow say in this chapter is, aha, what if I told you that early urbanity, urban, early urban civilization, the earliest cities in the world show no evidence of uh existing structures of monarchial power and authority of any kind, you see uh only the remnant of a uh self-governing social order above the dunbar uh threshold so that means haha that urban life that then following into you know the following that logic to the current day which is of course the whole point of this project which means modern civilization uh does not require uh higher. and power relationships that are disproportionate, that are icky to the anarchist, because they existed once, in in the original conditions of urban life, and they start the chapter by uh, pointing out that, even the earliest humans uh were not limited by this Dunbar number, that the evidence of wide... areas of emigration between members of tribal groups, meaning the finding of people, of one person far from the remains of those people who are genetically closestly linked, closest most closely linked to them, because they make the point, what if you don't like your family, what if you don't like the people who you're directly related or intimately connected to, do you just deal with it? well, yeah, or if it gets bad enough, you leave, and people did leave, people had kin networks that extended in huge geographic areas, arranged around symbolic understandings uh that provided potential places for people to move if they didn't like their family and that meant that even these very early humans had dual structures in their head for understanding strangers and understanding kin group members and then allowed them to move between the two uh they say that the first cities were mental uh, it was people living among one, a number of fellow people, imagining what it would be like if there were more of them, and because of that imaginative capability, grab grow is arguing that that meant that those early people had the capacity to govern creatively, basically that they could make a conscious effort to try to live uh in urban settings rather than just uh being forced to by the prerogative of agriculture, because we've already argued in previous chapters that it was not agriculture that required hierarchy, so therefore it was not uh agriculture that required cities, and uh to show... evidence for this point, grab grow point to evidence of the very first cities in mesoamerica and in China, which are we find emerging centuries before any evidence of the sort of uh necessary social structures and social hierarchies that we associate with urban living, so that means that there were cities before there were these structures, meaning that it was not that these structures we're not inherent to the building of urban civilization. and in addition, forgetting these places that are acknowledged to be early cities, uh, grab grow then point to... a different group of sites discovered in Ukraine uh that are in the literature uh not understood to be cities uh but rather megasites where you have thousands of homes uh organized uh in a plan like around a geographic structure but because of their very lack of uh the the things that we associate with cities their lack of public. uh um facilities of any kind, the lack of palaces, they are don't get called cities, they called megasites, and some of these the way that these megasites are arranged is is in these concentric circles of a home building where these wat and dobble homes are put together in roughly the same size uh without any and then a large central empty area. where there's nothing remaining, that could have been a public space, but whatever was built there was not built there to last the way that the homes were. uh, and nothing, no evidence of any variation here, no palaces, no no, no, no, central uh storage facilities for communal resources to be reallocated from a center, and uh, grabro take a an interesting. think uh diversion to talk about persistent uh social relationships in the uh bask country uh where ancient traditions of sort of peasant communalism uh persist in in the towns and the villages where uh it is this very circular uh structure uh of of home building that allows for essentially a geometric uh governance structure that that enforces uh horizontalist um decision making by allowing a relationship to be developed and and to be a... ritually with neighbors to the left and right who have like direct uh richly reinscribed social obligations that flow left and right and that flow throughout the whole circuit and uh it's you know that they do this to sort of suggest well this sort of thing could very well have been the governing structure of uh of these ukrainian early cities no proof, playing fast and loose, building just another just so counter narrative to replace the one that we uh have had to this point, and as I say, that's they're refreshingly honest about that, which I appreciate, I mean, you can still argue that the project is wrong, and that the kind of the moral of the story is a bad one to have politically, uh, but that's different, you know, than arguing about you know, narrow truth and falseness of specific narrative. because they're pretty up front that this is about, this is about counternarrativizing and countermythologizing. and from here grab grow go to uh ancient mesopotamia where where the first cities as we really understand them emerge like er and and like the reason the things are called like the the... that that er exists as that uh as that uh prefix you know like the ur text is precisely because of how uh primal r and summer is as a scene of the birth of uh what we understand to be civilization this is where writing emerges for the first time uh and this is where urban life is we understand it emerges from the first time. uh and this is where kings also emerged for the first time, but grabrow point out that even that the sumarian cities existed for a long time before uh the dynastic structures that we associate with them emerged uh and that even after those dynastic structures emerged that local governance uh at like the neighborhood level uh in Sameria was probably carried out by uh assembly. uh democratically, the kind of stuff that we associate when we're trying to do like you, a precise of western civilization and its development, we associate with ancient Greece much later, he's saying no, that those forms of like public uh deliberation and decision making were already existing in Samaria. i can't speak again to the evidence because i'm not archeologist or anthropologist. but this is the uh argument that he's making and of course you could argue, well this doesn't prove that there isn't hierarchy or in in in cities, we have city councils now are you going to say that they're fucking examples of democracy? of course, the point here merely is is that you have these things emerging, uh, these structures of governance existing before uh, the imposition of kingly power, suggesting... that they might have had more like real capacity for governance, more sovereignty uh and that therefore urbanity can coexist with a genuinely like democratic polity, that's the thing claim anyway uh and speaking to the question of writing uh grabrow surmised that the concentration of writing that you see in early sumaria is around these public temples uh which served essentially as factories of uh branded uh and uh uh homogenized goods like packaged goods that were then distrited presumably uh and that language evolved and was used most intensely to uh facilitate this the bureaucratic business of distributing this output, which is very interesting, and presumably this, you know, this is this ritualized process is how uh, legitimacy adhered to whatever structure of governance, emerged in the urban context, because you know, if we do have this bifricated understanding where we have our our Dunbar number pure group and then we have fellow citizens of an urban area, there is going to have to be some sort of... governing structure there that is not individual and personalized and that's where you get things like presumably public assemblies and and deliberation press. but then you also have a civic bureaucracy uh and they imagine that that civic bureaucracy essentially manufactures uh consent for its authority through the distribution of these goods which as I said uh were branded uh literally with symbols associated with with uh the city and uh this is uh where they get to something that I think is really interesting and I got to say as as is a dialectician scratches my itch when we're trying to uh form uh understandings of historical processes uh grab grow at this point suggests that a lot of the things that we do associate with uh with the dynastic rule that will come to dominate eventually early uh uh mesopotamian civilization emerges in uh essentially warrior kingdoms on the periphery of the uh trade zone of the uh Mesopotamian cities so the Mesopotamian cities once they emerge begin to send out feelers to essentially colonize areas around the city to provide nodes in a trade network and that the produce of these public temples likely uh was part of this trade network the creation of this trade network uh but at the periphery uh and in some places that started off as uh as colonies and then collapsed you see the emergence of these warrior cults, these uh and and here you and and in them you probably see the creation of the first uh like epic tradition of heroism that becomes like ingrained in uh western civilization becomes a deep archetype and while it was often uh suggested that these that that kind of... hero society never actually existed, grabgro suggests that uh on the periphery of the urban development, this as they imagine it egalitarian, urban settled civilization, you see this antithetical way of life emerging, people who have the same way that the the the the the auster uh California Indians reacted to the uh the uh Pacific northwest patchlatch potlatch culture by by creating. societies that uh scorned material consumption uh and and valorized labor, you see a situation here where the settled egalitarianism gives rise to uh cults of warrior prowes and military valor and hunting ability uh and the hierarchies that go along with that, and they don't say it in the chapter, but you could perhaps trace. the emergence of uh urban hierarchy to the eventual conquest of the urban center by the one of these or or collections of these uh uh warrior uh kingdoms on their periphery uh from here grab grow turned to the Indus River. valley another early place uh where urban uh existence starts to uh starts to develop a very interesting case of early cities uh that rather than show the egalitarian structures of the Ukrainian metal megacities are geographies of hierarchy uh specifically where you have an upper uh an upper citadel of public... uh of of monumental public architecture based around baths, giant ritual baths and then a lower city that is literally uh uh like situated below uh where you see you know a sort of a merchant uh social order emerging uh suggesting casts like a ritual casts separating uh the people in one area from another but not according to grabrow suggesting that inherently and necessarily uh that uh this means a asymmetry in uh power between these cats uh once again in the interest of of building a counter narrative they they do not argue uh that that the casts of these early indus valley civilizations were uh necessarily not in that those cats did not necessarily have unequal political influence in the management of affairs of the city, he merely says that you can't assume the alternative, assume as they as has been the case until now that they must have, that there could be a play in there, and this is where you can see them really starting to squinted things, and I think this is about halfway through the book, which is from what I understand from other reviews, when they start making a much more uh pointed uh and and uh emphatic argument for horizontalism as a social structure, and you can already see uh this the... argument straining to move in that direction here with the talk about the casts and these early indus valley cities and they close the chapter with a very interesting discussion of the early cities of China which very quickly turned into uh his like regimes of violent hierarchy uh based on like rituals of human sacrifice uh that that vast inequality of of life of lifestyle and status that is easily uh examined in the archeological record uh like just pits filled with decapitated uh sacrifice victims and shit and you know richly adorned graves of the aristocrats and and you know literally nothing even provided for the corpses of the commoners uh but that these chinese cities a collapse, not just a collapse, evidence of the ruling class of the cities being literally seized, tortured, executed, and that in the ruins of these, former citadels of of of god kings, the the monumental palatial areas being invaded by the structures of the of the city it's the rest of the city and and the uh the residential area sort of growing out of its confines uh and that this is generally referred to in literature is just a collapse and of anarchy, but grabrow suggests what if this is the beginning of the concept of urban revolution and that what we're seeing in the aftermath is not uh but it is an attempt to uh by a community at large to govern collectively having overthrown uh brutal and unjust rulers uh and the next chapter which is going to focus on early cities in uh mesoamerica is going to apparently make the claim that that sort of cycle of uh urban uh dynastic power regimes being overthrown from below uh is much older than we imagine and uh actually is uh basically co-invented along with uh urbanization implying of course again that alternatives to uh hierarchical social structures within urban civilizations were always present and i mostly just been describing this i haven't really been uh offering my own take on it, because I don't, I'm still, I'm still thinking, some of it's persuasive, other of it I really don't feel like I know enough to to go against it, but it's certainly and this is the thing about uh Graber's work certainly is that it's always interesting, which is way more important than being accurate, because uh it's only interesting stuff that can make you... churn up your own self-conceptions and and challenge them from different angles. all you can really do with information is just put it on the pile if you already feel like you know how things work. i am skeptical of the argument about uh about urban civilization uh because i have a feeling that a lot of these uh horizontal structures that he imagines existing in early uh early human urban civilization uh that they had a lot more uh systems within them of like coordinated power and influence that sort of obviated the democratic participation and and rendered a lot of it uh ritualized and sterile. uh than they necessarily imagine, and that's just because you know the the the amount of evidence we're dealing with is so so small, I mean we really are just left looking at the at the bones of these worlds. I mean like we have no idea what the hell was in the big in the in the donnut hole of those Ukrainian megasites, the the idea that it was completely empty seems highly unlikely, but what was there? what sort of uh, public structures and public uh rituals were carried out there that reinforced power, and where did that power really flow from? no way of knowing, all you can do is is is is fill in the gaps and... what grab grow are doing and the reason that i can't bust their balls too much is they are merely saying there was one way to look at this you know collection of evidence there was one uh one package of of insights and and and projections and leaps and conjectures to uh patch between to patch the holes to to fill the gaps in this record uh and they all point in one direction and for very specific reasons to push a very specific agenda. we merely suggest that you can do it in a different way for a different agenda, and if that's the case, if we could make a compelling argument that this is true, that has the same sort of persuasive power that the one you took for granted did, well just that very fact in your mind should make should make you feel that all of the choices in front of you that seem fixed. that seem uh immutable uh might actually be similarly uh flexible might might might offer a similar capacity to be reimagined and you know will it do anything probably not, but we all have to spend our time on this earth doing something. and uh, a lot, some of us made the decision, we don't want to feel too complicit in what is, but we also don't want to uh, not benefit materially from what is, and that means doing something that feels true, it feels like it's advancing some public good, uh, even if it's entirely. theoretical, okay, so that was pretty quick, uh, last two, I feel like have been pretty quick, next, next episode, Friday, will be about chapter nine, hiding in plain sight, the indigenous origins of social housing and democracy in in the Americas. social housing and democracy in the Americans, yeah, the whole project is just to assume that there was such a thing as political subjectivity before modernity, which uh, like... liberal uh understandings of of history won't allow for, because uh, it's that promethean gift of uh political subjectivity that justifies the modern world, this is true even for marxists, because you cannot, you cannot break the wheel, right? you cannot uh... overthrow class society absent the uh the imaginary categories of of citizenship and rights that modernity creates, and I got to say I have a hard time throwing that away, because well you might say, and grabrow might say, you see these cycles, you see these impulses, you see this capacity exist, going back to prehistory, yes, but you do not see the ability of those forces to coaless in the face of hierarchy and ritual, put to the purpose of an executive function concentrated in one part of a social structure, able to wield technology with the efficiency of of a relatively. a coherent and singular purpose, which will always be at the very top of the social structure, you can't go anywhere else. It's only the capacity for cooperation across distance and across culture and structure and language that modernity allow uh creates that allows for the capacity for self-organization and uh and social manipulation of technology that can do the the work that uh is required. of a uh social structure that can defend itself and that can in fact uh extinguish challenges to itself, which is why the funny thing is is like honestly no matter what? story they tell in this book or how or how persuasive it is about how things emerged, how regimes of power emerged, at a certain point they are irrelevant for the very fact that we are different people than they were, our relationship to our environment and technology has turned us into different beings, put a screen between those people and us that might as well be uh a a uh a branching of the evolutionary tree, like we might as well be considered different species than them, and the difference is not to be found in our DNA, it's to be found in our technology as an interdicting uh element between uh... the human experience and the natural world, which did not exist, technology existed certainly, but not at a level that allowed for that degree of radical alienation, and that transference of social skill, knowledge, uh, action uh on to uh technological regimes. like i do think you know you talk about the the anthrocine how how we're living world where that where the uh the um the ec the ecoological structure, the ec the uh the biome itself uh is defined by the impact humans have on it, right? we went for the holosene to the anthropene in that model, there was a similar transformation. to humanity where we became a different species, our relationship to the world is not the relationship of every any other species on this planet, that was not true when humans were forming uh for the first time like enduring in large scale social structures. like our DNA is fundamentally different, I mean hell, this is literally true now right, in the sense that we're all our balls are all filled with microplastic, like we literally we're like those crabs that uh use like uh soda cans as as shells, we've got fucking plastics in our genetic material. and that doesn't mean that there's no hope for humanity, it just means that that hope has to take into account the reality of modern subjectivity and how it breaks a lot of the connectic tissue that allowed for that early large-scale egalitarian and social ordering. that things like the state, structures like that are part of a regime of technology that we have grown cybernetically linked to, and which can't... be excised without killing the host, but the thing is is that this machine keeps creating all these technologies and yes they are every day. power on us more, but only where power can be exerted, that that area is shrinking, like we're turning into these archipelagos of control, but outside of it is not nothing, and even within the archipelagos, there are islands there where there are people have been chewed up and spit. by this thing and they have access to these regimes of technology, not at the same level, not able to exert the same power, but able to build alternatives and resist where possible, but the difficulty of for anyone whose tries to talk about effective political action in this day and age is that... you are very quickly talking about stuff that is illegal, you're very quickly moving to resistance in a meaningful sense as opposed to hashtag resistance, which by definition is resistance that invites state retaliation. now how do you talk about that? how do you talk about that publicly? i mean, honestly, if you see people talking about it too enthusially and publicly, your instinct should probably be there a fucking... cop whom would like to do some crimes? please speak into my comically large lapel pin. got to say though, like the the hoothies launching a drone that blows up the fucking... uh for formula one race, kind of cool, but yeah, like there's no way, you either talk about it forth rightly until you get uh kicked off. all platforms uh or you talk about it in a hypothetical way that is meant more than anything to uh polish your bonafides as a bad ass revolutionary so that people will think you're cool and good and keep listening to you uh or just yeah do uh ajan provacator stuff meant to uh round up people and provide more make work for the FBI All right, well that was a fast one, I probably won't do the whole hour, uh, but if anyody has any questions, maybe I'll wind up. with that. is interesting, any thoughts on similarities between structures of power we face technologically and historical ones. i really think that we in terms of like the basic technological structure of power that we live under. now. I'm not even when you're not even talking about structures where you're not even talking about like alienated material technology like computers uh any of that shit when you're just when you're talking about mere symbols and uh their socially reinforced meaning language the original technology uh we're basically under the same uh regime of symbols uh as uh the Holy Roman I'm sorry. as uh as subjects of the Roman empire were, like I've said this before, but Philip K dick was correct, the Roman empire never ended, we have seen um different regimes of uh class class power rule, the the slavery of Rome, feudalism of medieval Europe, modern liberal capitalism, and those cycles have been powered by uh, class conflict. expressed through uh essentially class civil war uh and then exacerbated by uh ecological changes that the system is not able to accommodate uh and that leads to common ruin but with power still held largely in the same structures thanks to the deeper embedded ideas about liberty, freedom, justice, virtue. uh that persist regardless of the material regime and they can only ever be uh overthrown by uh a alliance of class elements. led by the working class, and before capitalism emerged, there was no working class to uh assert its own self-interest, there is only the sacks of potatoes in the countryside and the rest of urbanites, so that's why you only get the the a rock getting pushed up the hill and then falling back down again, but because time is moving forward and entropy is is increasing in the system, you have like real revolutionary changes. and and redistributions of power, but within a iron cage that is enforced conceptually, and yes, the empire just moves west as it seeks to uh escape the inevitable doom of any geographically and temporarily fixed regime of hierarchical power, because eventually, "the system you've created will accumulate internal contradictions and impact the uh ecological balance that you depend on in a way that will fundamentally lead to the destruction of the formal regime. now one power, one new class consease power revolutionarily, but it can only ever be uh the middle class. before modernity, before liberalism, before the working class is emerge, the working class emerges on the world stage, but we're living now in the aftermath of their failure, and the reality that collapse is now assured, but as always, this is cyclical, this is not the end of the world, in such a sense that it makes you as a person no longer obligated to your fellow people or to yourself. to live, any more than it did for anybody else at any point in this cycle in the past, if the thing, if the thing survives it's going to do it by decamping to Beijing and make its way all the way around the world, if it doesn't, power will fall back to these archipelagos that will be totally deter. they will all look like each other, there will be no geographic specificity to them, they will be no places, because that's the only place the capital can persist, is deep in a deterritorialized nowhere, like the it'll be in specific places, but like those places won't meaningfully be America or Russia or China or... whatever the fuck country they're supposed to be in, because none of the things that make that a meaningful term will exist within them, it'll just be money, I think. if you go to Las Vegas you see this very clearly when uh when they started building the big family friendly hotels on the strip in the early 90s with the junk bonds uh they all those casinos referenced some historically and geographically fixed human civilization some element of human existence some part of the greater narrative of human uh development the fucking pyramids uh uh Arthirian uh Europe um or they gestured towards like a style and an era like the ballagio was like Italianate then you got the Venetian which is literally medieval venice with the fucking canals and everything, Paris with the fucking uh eifel tower in front uh but the ones that have been built really since the crashh in the 20 20th century are all completely divorced of any identifying cultural elements, they are just ice blocks, they're just sleek glass rectangles that only represent money, and that's that's what civilization will look like in these technofeudal cantons, it will no longer be geographically bound, will no longer be uh fixed to the land in any sense. now of course, this is the structure that is being resisted by all of our nationalist movements running through the world right now right? Putin is is is on the shooting uh end of a global war uh of a global uh... urgency of fixed wealth of uh extraction industry largely wealth against this coming deterritorialization, but it's powered by the same capitalism, all it uh, all it promises is a more uh, a rapider collapse towards a bifrarcated regime, you're still going to have these zones of wealth, but then you're also going to have these uh places left behind where the rituals of politics are still going to be carried out and the state will still exist to assert maximum violence to coerse uh cooperation with the market, but the victims that it uh sacrifices are rather than going to be uh the victims of... the market, oh so sad, are going to be chosen, are going to be sacrificed, and that sacrifice will be proof of the continued sovereignty of the people in these areas, when in reality, the the necessity of their death is being created once again by the very algorithm that the people carrying out these massacres, are going to be claiming to fight against. because that is that is the promise of the of the global nationalist tide, it is, we're not going to do anything about uh, the property regime, like i said based in Roman conceptions of value uh that is destroying the world and robbing us of our ability uh to to assert any control of our lives uh by uh but we still have uh the freedom to punish uh and what you know what the uh, what the weak blooded urbanites want is a system where all the bloodshed is carried out technologically and uh discretely, allowing us to spend our time fixated on our narrow nail gave gazing uh lives, cultivating our identities and neurotically uh sublimating all of our guilt about what's happening into this cultivation of the south uh while voluntarily giving up any control of uh the remaining sovereignty which is the choice of who dies uh and the the nationalist capitalist uh counter regime instead says fuck that let us be in charge of where the gun gets pointed, let us enact rituals of violence that reaffir domination of the... and of each other, and of course that's just as naval gazy and uh and neutered and neurotic uh as as the liberal dream, but it has with it that uh appeal of action, and some people are going to... be for reasons of individual uh experience in life drawn to that. It will be very interesting to see what happens certainly. I make no claims to any specific uh outcome, just the general. general scheme, the general dynamic, general dynamics, because there's becuse the avalanche is too fast, there's too many little bolders rolling off of it, each one of them is richeting off other ones and creating a network of butterfly effects that are absolutely unanticipatable. Amlo nationalized the lithium? Okay, that's interesting, that's fucking interesting. We'll see what happens there. He's also very popular, which is interesting, like he's got, he's got actual uh, like support among voters. I do really feel like Latin America is going to be like the deciding factor, but how I don't know. All right, I think that's good for today. Friday we'll read chapter 9, we'll talk about how they. started building public housing in uh ancient mezoamerica, so that'll be interesting. Bye-bye.