 some sweeping, i think next door, hey there we are, the people are here, they're coming, i'm exiting host mode, once again. that's the trick of the twitch trade when you end when you start one of these it says entering exiting host mode at least what does when i do it i think that means we're no longer hosting someone else's channel and uh we're now doing our song it feels kind of weird though because i mean i am entering host mode like this is me being the host of my little backyard uh tent revival but it tells me that i'm exiting host mode so so it's very counteritive, so now I have entered the host mode, I have entered and exited the host mode simultaneously, thank you, I did this myself, I cut my own hair, it was because of the last episode we did in the uh office I saw that it looked like I was getting some sort of horrifying mullet and I had to take care of that, can't have it, can't have it, Henry. can't have it? yes, i just i i have a clipper and i just do it myself, it doesn't have to be perfect. now i grew up, i grew up uh at a time when the mullet was was the archetypally terrible haircut, it was a symbol of of epic fail, so i still have that instinctive response to it when i see it curving out in the back. Oh god, no, I got to stop, maybe it's a, you could argue that it's buried like classism, you know, buse it was, it's of course coated around uh, whiskey tango, white trash as it were, a wife better and a mullet, that kind of thing, aiky breaky heart, Ronnie Dobs from Mr. Show, so uh, yeah, maybe I should just get a mullet in solidarity with the white working class, although. does anybody really wear them anymore? i mean now it's kind of ironic right? do people wear mullets anymore? non ironically? i don't even know. i haven't watched enough tic to now what's really going on in the heartland, which is what it's good, which is which is good for tik tock, just getting a uh putting being able to dip a ladal into the American uh primordial ooz and see what's cooking. So tomorrow is uh going to be a hell of a day, I think I'm going to stream uh on my birthday, hey birthday boy, maybe I'll wear a little hat, and then me and I think at least Brendon we'll see if someone else shows up are going to be in the in here for uh our portion of the debate commentary uh and I will be uh, I'm not sure yet, we'll see what I'll do, I am very, very, very ready to be. wildly disappointed to there to be nothing enjoyable uh about this thing uh to find that we have reached a point where reality is at the worst possible point where it is so drained of uh of metaphor we're we're so we're so accelerated towards pure representation of reality or purer anyway than we previously had in terms of our culture uh that the unexpected can't happen anymore, the the truly uh uh unhypernormalizable thing, the thing that can't be digested instantly into the stream is essentially impossible, and um, I would say that, and when say you say, hey, what does that mean? you know, because I'm basically saying, well, yeah, Trump and Biden could have some epichalarious fails, but how does that change from any we've seen before, it's just we're getting more of the same, I think the dream dream, the secret dream of people when they imagined like a thing like a biden trump debate in abstract was something that breaks the wall, like one of them having their teeth fall out of their head entirely, maybe and fall onto the into their lap, one of them actually shitting themselves, jerry nadler style, but we're not going to get that, and even if we get some amazing brainfart moments, another thing we're not going to get is like a Ron Paul moment, which would be again amazing. or if they just made out that would also work, Ron Paul's fine, I had the spicy mcnuggets, they were okay, they were a little brittle, they didn't, they weren't quite as uh tender, I mean that's a funny. word to say for you, chicken slurry, but there's like a more kind of crispness beyond the point where like a separation between the coating and the and the almost dehydrated seeming nugget, that's okay, that's fine, i think i would just stick with the regular nuggets honestly. I did not use the mighty hot sauce, I used my uh my beloved Korean sauce. honestly i prefer like the morning star height's chicken nuggs, the veg the veg vegetarian ones to the to the taco to the to the um to the spicy nugget not to the original original nugget has its own beauty to it, it's one of those perfect uh, perfect products, like a flavor nugget, like a flavor puck designed to hit your nut. in your mouth in such a way to cause everything to just shut down. I do hope that uh, I do hope that Biden triks. the the thing I'm hoping happens and think might happen is that Biden tries to get epic, tries to tries to obviously tee up a uh John's conceived viral moment, but of course you will probably botch it, which will be pretty funny. It is amazing to hear that Biden paid $3 million dollars in taxes, especially considering that he's he was always one of the less wealthy members of the senate, it really does go to the to the just the sick reality that he is selling out, he's he's toured himself out, he's corred himself from within and turned himself into a a fuck puppet. of the fire sector, but not even in exchange for extravagant riches, like other people have, uh, like Mitch McConnell, he's made like a hundred million dollars since joining the senate, he's got stacks, uh, he's like moving weight, Biden got a fucking amtrack, windbreaker, and and he got jobs for his otherwise unemployable kid, which that's not nothing, but he just has a low asking price and he's paying all those taxes like a damn sucker, i mean i guess it's because he's a politician and he doesn't know the ways of uh of the real estate game where it's all smoking mirrors and trickery and a lot of people are going to think like trump not paying taxes does make him smart and he's using his smarts for my benefit which is of course That's the stupid part, but all khans involve uh like exploiting the the greed of the mark and in this case it's thinking, hey Trump got rich by screwing people over uh and avoiding taxes and playing cuthroat, he's going to do it on my behalf now, and if you believe that you're a fucking sucker, but it the reasoning is still there, and most importantly the reason doesn't have a lot of competing claims other than the democrats saying, I'll hear you, I'll listen to you, I'll hold your hand. while you are administered the youth in Asia shot, which is all the democrats offer. I mean I think the real uh, the real thing to point out is how he just has used being president to like bail out his business, which is pretty funny, just total corruption on behalf of himself while being president, and of course his base isn't going to care about that, and it is really weird to me, how every time there's a big thing about Trump, people feel the need, they're compelled by powers not even their own understanding to say uh his base won't care, yeah the they're his base, that's that's axiomatic, that's you don't need to even say that, obviously they won't care, they're his base, and maybe it's because they don't realize what that means now, because the last republican president who oversaww a huge economic disaster, left office with like a 25% approval rating, and i think people that implying that there was some sort of crack which in within like the greater republican base of like 42 43% of the voters, and I don't think that's possible anymore, because the collapse of legitimacy of institutions like the media is so complete now, has been replaced by this, this choosing own adventure game of social media, means that to be a base is to by definition, never believe anything bad. about the person you're the base of because it's all the product of the media lying, that's the that's a prefab guarantee that they will never nothing will ever reach them, and so it's weird when people just insist on reminding everyone that uh, and I think it's because they have some traumatized belief that base, like that means a governing majority of voters or like a governing, I guess you'd say a governing minority of voters, would be able to like hold power, and i don't think that that's the case, uh, the election is going to be decided as it always is in the margins and those people are by definition not trump's base. the question really is just how many of them that are still carrying to vote, and that will be the difference between Trump winning again and Biden, of course, accepting things like electoral Schnanigans and bush vigore style, soft cous, soft cous, cous so soft that nobody even called... and that and nothing changes, and the political system is not, rent asunder in some sort of apocalyptic confrontation. I've never visited Harper's fairy, I think I would like to, like to see the pump house, hope it's still there, but like I said, if it's... if it's if it's Bush Vigore to, that's not the that's not the suspension of democracy people are imagining it will be. You might say that now, but I tell I guarantee you, if it as it happens as it winds its way through the courts, as outrageous as it's going to be, and as much as you would say that this is a coup in September, you would like lay this out as a nightmare abrigation of democracy. Step by step, it is going to be stage managed by the two parties to maintain a veneer of legitimacy, which means we'll never reach that point where there is a... popular consensus if such a thing could even be mustered around the idea that democratic real democratic principles of and constitutional government had been ablegated, the same way that it did with Bush versus Gor, which most people took to be the legitimate outcome of a legitimate electoral process, as laid out in the constitution and interpreted by the judicial branch, and it would be a similar thing here, now it would be more. resistance than Bush versus Gore had certainly and there will be a lot of protests, but considering how many protests we've had this year, it will get swallowed in that larger narrative and we will just have another Trump term, and it will not be, it will not be the the tearing of the veil of Maya, that people are kind of fantasizing about. funniest jfk, the funniest conspiracy theory, jfk was killed by a secret service agent tripping and his rifle going off, that's a funny conspiracy theory, it's also one of the more uh forensically convincing theories of the case. Of course, that doesn't change any of their questions, like there could have been a man on the grass and all and the billet the kill Kennedy was fired accidentally by a secret service agent, you know? I've not read red Mars, not, I've heard a lot of good things about Kim Stanley Robinson, but I've not, listen, I've never really been a huge si-fi literature fan, I'm trying to think, I'm thinking about maybe changing that, but so it's a, it's definitely a gap, shakespeare authorship, shakespeare, what, come on, get out of here, Shakespeare wrote the plays, I prefer the the argument about whether Shakespeare was secretly catholic, uh, which I think might be the case, because it's hard to imagine protestant England. that time creating a Shakespeare. I've heard that the theory that Beethoven is black comes from the fact that he was from the Netherlands or like Belgium uh at a time when it was under Spanish domin. so he was a more, i think that's it, which i don't think is even accurate, that's not even true, like the uh dutch had already gotten independence by the time he was, he was born, Oh, this is a good one. Who's better? Verthoven or Carpenter? Oh boy, that's a tough one. They're both like obviously very uh, just perfect kind of stylistts, like unobtrusive autours were able to shape like that content uh expertly uh, without making a big. show about it or even necessarily having like a trademark look uh which is hard to do like like uh escape from new york and i don't really like that one uh i think i might go verhoven think i go for hoven but carpenter is is close. I got to watch darkstar, thank you for reminding me, I need to watch Darkstar, I have not watched the komi rule yet, we're gonna watch it, the whole thing for midweek for the patreon episode, so tune in for that, Virgin watched it live and he had some amazing there's they actually have a line of dialogue about uh about like general flin going to a an event sitting next to Jill Stein like a Russian guy talking about that it's pretty funny it's it's purely like a pure lib uh delusional fantasy which will be fun to see the and I'm there's going to be a lot of uh a lot of paint huffing going on cuuse you in the near future cuuse sorkins coming out with a fucking movie about the Chicago Seven trial, which will of course be awesome, make a lot of good points about the need for being mature and and realistic when dealing with political issues and not indulgent and childish like certain uh over enthusiastic uh leftists perhaps. Apparently though Soorkin was pitched this movie by Spielberg and he had... not heard of it, he had not heard of the case, which is amazing, like he's he's a fetishist for that whole era, and yet he didn't even know about it, that means that he's just approaching the material with no like previous conception, so that means it's going to be purely based on his reaction to the current moment, so it's going to be just a perfect old man yelling at cloud type deal, it's going to be great, abby hoffman is going to be the face of the bernie bros and poor put upon straight laced. Effective Tom Hayden is gonna be uh Hillary or something. Oh apparently they've been making this movie for 20 years, holy shit, yeah, de Jeff Daniels being like sor ideal version of himself is pretty funny, the guy from Dunnen Dummer who pooped all over the the toilet, that's that's his uh embodiment of his own like best delusional version of himself, and the sad thing is Je is a good actor who I generally enjoy in his work, I'm usually pleased to see him in things, but having to watch him just spit out that sorking dialogue all the time, it's brutal. Joel or Mike, I'm always Joel because he's who I started with, so Mike seemed like an interloper, I can never judge them uh honestly because it's the same way that like uh Trace Bill. is the voice of Crow, like there have been like three voices of Crow, and and and like Kevin, I know Kevin Murthy was the second Tom Servo, but to me he's the only thomson, just because that's the configuration I I was introduced to uh at the most formative period, so everything is going to be uh, everything else is going to feel slightly off, because there's a very early imprinting uh show is very, I mean I'm not alone in that obviously, that show is very uh. very important to my uh, i don't know, sensibility developing, It's getting dark out here, I might have to bring out the uh Christmas tree lights again, that's an interesting question, somebody says, why don't german americans have the same weird uh fixation on their their uh, their heritage the way the Irish people do, I think a lot of it is where they settled, the Irish clung to the... post uh, I mean obviously not only, but because they were uh, because of when they showed up, they they ended up uh uh clogging up the northeast and staying in the in these like ethnic uh gettos basically, whereas the Germans kind of spread themselves more thinly across the Midwest, where you know there was, there was german like cultural identity around things like beer halls and stuff, but uh and German language media persisted for a long time, but uh there was less of sort of a self- reinforcing ethnic uh identity uh that you that you get in like an urban setting to plug in the light here it's getting dark. also there was world war 1 and world war 2 which had their own effects on uh on german identity like there was a genuine ginned up uh ethnic hysteria against Germans during World War One. Not only did they change the name of Sowercrout to Liberty Cabbage um but there were attacks hate crimes linchings even of Germans uh during that period. period, which and a lot of places changed, a lot of german name places in the mid-west changed from to something else, there's a suburb of Milwakee called New Berlin. and I'm almost positive that used to be pronounced New Berlin uh and that I think World War One maybe they decided to change the pronunciation uh although if anyone knows that that's not true I'd like to know it if anyone has uh more history on that because I always think it's interesting that it's alway everyone calls it new Berlin, no not a single person calls it New Berlin, even though that's obviously what it was, and then of course World War II doesn't help, you do the holocaust, it's a little harder to walk around in later hosen. and there were a bunch of very self-aware German Americans whose uh contribution to the culture in the 40s wasn't in 30s and 40s was not St. Patrick's day parades it was uh boond rallies so once again not good. Also you have the fact that there is a unified German and part of that thing of them cleaning the coast is that there's more of a unified like Irish uh or at least self-perceived notion of an irish immigrant experience you know coming into the city not getting a job no Irish need apply uh going to fight world war you know like a gangs in New York going to fight the civil war and then becoming a cop or a ward healer uh or or yeah uh the whole like passion play of of the immigrant experience, which Italians have a similar version of Jews also, all those all the east coast culture makers, whereas out in the hinterlands the Germans are just kind of fucking around and coming from different uh environments, you know, like the the Germans make up like the biggest, I think single ethnic group in the 19th century of immigration, but you know at that point for most of it, Germany wasn't even one country, and uh there were different religious divisions and uh linguistic. and uh and cultural that meant that there was not that you know the thing of getting kicked off of you know the plantation because you there no more potatoes and having to get in a coffin ship and all that the religious thing is big you know it's Saint Patrick's day after all and like a lot of the Germans where I'm... from from the upper midwest specifically like the triangle or I mean the the middle midwest I guess I mean the upper tier but like the lower half of the upper tier and the middle tier from like Cincinnati to uh to Milwaque to St. Louis there's a lot of those are like German Catholics but they're not they weren't all there's differences between Bavaria and you know the fucking uh Pussian palantine or whatever, but uh, that is one advantage, one thing of that makes German Americans uh, on a whole better than Irish is because they don't have that for the most part, at least not as much, and uh, it's really, really annoying, all these fake irishmen running around. Oh man, Aron's John brown, that would be amazing, I would see that. He just uses, he does a biblical breakdown with a southerner about why slavery is uh not supported uh in the in the new old testament or whatever, and the guy just kills himself, he doesn't even, he chops himself up with a fucking broadsword because he got on so bad. Yes, the nuensis massacre, uh, German immigrants in Texas linched for opposing secession, and it was German Americans uh, who mobilized uh, a militia to prevent Missouri from joining the confederacy, and of course you got guys like Willich and Joseph Weedemier and Franz'. legal becoming members of the uh of uh the high levels of the union army. oh man, struggle sessions doing a whole thing on uh loveecrap country. i stopped watching, they showed they there was an episode that i started watching and it was all, it was about people in Korea. like a flashback or something and i just thought, oh no, where are what does this have to do with anything now? like is there even any kind of coherent approach to this is or is it just? like wacka ball like i'm i don't even care about the characters you already have introduced me to, you're going to introduce me to new ones who are like in a totally different context, no thanks. I have not watched uh raised by wolves, it's on that HBO max shit and I don't fuck with that. also really scott, no thank you, i don't care how good his moods are, people say, oh he's such a great south directory, he's great, such creates such great moods, i don't get that either, it's not, it's not just that he like narratively isn't terribly compident, it's that his whole vibe curation thing also leaves me cold, and i feel like some movies like gladiator were just absolutely butchered, i don't i'm sorry, i don't think the... was a good action scene in gladiator, which is just crazy when you consider the the material he had in that thing. i did like the counselor and i'm annoyed that really scot made that movie, although you know it's just a it's a cormic mccarcy script so it's going to rise or fall on that, i think that movie is maligne, but i think it's it's got good stuff. in it, it's very alienating and uh depressing uh and uh kind of like watching it sort of like chewing on uh tinfoil, but i think that's good, that's what it's supposed to be, i love i just love the fact that that movie ends with a Cameron Diaz saying the line, uh, there is no one cruiler than a coward, and the slaughter to come will probably be beyond our imagining. I haven't seen black hat yet, people said it was kind of bad, I never really stumbled upon it anywhere, if I find it I'll watch it. never really uh, digital man to me is not, it's not as good, i like early man more, i guess, so i never really had a uh, a huge desire to see that one, i can't believe he's still making a movie about Enzo Ferrari, I thought for sure that that had ended up turning into Ford versus Ferrari through the development process, which happens a lot, apparently that awful uh Robin Hood movie that Ridley Scott made, speaking of him with Russell Crow, that originally started off as a alternative take on Robinhood that was from the sheriff of Nottingham's point of view, and over the time it just turned to... into uh, it turned into Robinhood origins even though the last big robinhood movie, not the uh, like in America anyway, the Kevin Coster one was already a fucking origin story, it wasn't, it's like they're trying to, they were trying to shake up the material and they didn't even do it, terrible, so I was assumed, oh yeah, they wanted to make this movie about enso ferrari and over time they said you know there aren't enough Americans in this, could we bring in those ford guys? oh this Carol Shelby character, he seems pretty interesting, but apparently they're still making it, oh man the brewers are in the playoff, it's going to be it's not going to be pretty folks, it's it's a it's a... this whole season is a sham, honestly, like I said, I don't ev want to win this year, that's got to have on it forever, oh yeah, the year everyone was getting sick and they were playing in fucking empty stadiums with cardboard cut out. and the stands and fucking rolling uh clouds of ash uh moving uh across the outfield, just the full dystopian hell season, who hell wants to win that? i guess she'll always be uh always be the answer to a trivia question, unless all the seasons are like that from now on, because hey can tell, who knows? people everyone love the bubble apparently, everyone love the NBA bubble, does this season have the same thing cuz like? they were they were pretty far along in the season when they when uh covid hit and they had to cancel it right so did they how many games are they even lose so seems like that one is closer whereas this baseball season where it's like this incredibly uh this incredibly uh truncated season where they weren't able even to manage to avoid people getting sick which at least and NBA has basically able to do, I always knew the NFL would definitely still play, there was no way in hell that the NFL wasn't going to happen, that was never on the table, we could have like a we could have a genuine COVID emergency right now. like the kind of thing people were worried about happening earlier in the year with shortage of ventilators and shit and there would still be fucking football happening. oh hell yeah, i could imagine them like in a zombie apocalypse playing nfl playing nfl games on like aircraft carriers beamed to people in fucking uh control area refugee camps. did the tampa bay lightning win the fucking stanley cup god damn Canada is such a joke of a country can't even have one thing you can't even have one fucking thing you can't dominate in your own and i understand why you know it's because the money goes it's the money goes where the center of gravity is and not sure shit is in canada relative to the united states but man it's still hilarious when was the last time a Canadian team won the fucking Stanley Cup, it's got to be 20 years, and then losing, and then having cities in fucking Florida and Arizona and shit, 1993, are you fucking kidding me? I remember when the like the closest anyone's come is on the Konuck's loss to the bruins in my recent memory. Wait. i really don't think there should be hockey if there's not snow, honestly, it's dumb, someone ask what ketamine feels like, i only have my own experience to go by, but it's basically the opposite of uh It's essentially the opposite of LSD, LSD makes you uh hypersensitive to your surroundings, to all that is outside of you, makes it incredibly uh riveting because it like it it boosts your re-uptake of of of stimuli externally. Uh, canamine basically does the opposite and that it makes you hyperfocused on your body. uh, the way I can describe it is, it feels like you're kind of made of glass or like fiberglass insulation or something. And that's why one of the way you can get ego death and the way that John Lily figured out he was going to talk to aliens by fucking... dolphins is that if you do both, it essentially leaves you with nowhere for your brain to go, it's like we are always editing down to a manageable amount the stimuli that we have in our bodies and outside of it, because otherwise we would overwhelm literally our sensory apparatus and uh, i think that's i think that's the reason. It's not my stuff really, but it can be, it can be interesting, can it also be therapeutic? I know they use it for uh, they use it uh in depression cases as they do psychodelics. I don't know what I'm having for dinner tonight, not sure. All right, I have about 20 minutes left here. it is for horses, it's hilarious, it's a literal horse tranquilizer. human beings will do anything. i haven't read that much, philip k dick, i need to correct that. like i said, si-fi is is a blind spot for me, i usually i'm just like, okay, i get the point, yeah, what if everyone's robot yeah oh i get it yeah they're on mars okay i have read a man in high castle i read ubic I read the short stories which were really poorly written i thought like very stilted. had really cool ideas in them all, the the novels are better. I have uh, I might have some of those chicken nuggets, those those morning star farns, fake chicken nuggets. uh, any debate predictions or drinking games? I mean, you got to have a come on man in there, buse he gets very exasperated, and honestly, the best hope for real entertainment is if Biden gets mad, if he gets true elder rage, which I think would um, could really lead to some interesting territory, could lead him to start improving uh, which will be of course disastrous, I don't care what d drug combo they got him on it. and of course they have him fucking flying, of course he is fucking blitsed out of his goddamn goard, there's no question. i do think though that there's a chance that Biden sews up the election with this thing, i i if he's out there and he is as uh as zuted as he was in the last debate with Bernie, i think the people who are paying attention who aren't there just waving penats for one side or the other, i think if if they get reassured that he is he's not the the caricature of a sinile doughtering uh out to lunch old guy that he uh he appears to be, they'll vote for him because i do think people want think not just democrats, i think there is a there is a yearning for things to be normal, and people might very well associate normality with Biden, even if it has no content and his campaign has no content, i mean his lead is. possible, which is Byden winning with relative smoothness, which will just leave everybody pinioning their fucking feet after running off the cliff like wiley coyote, and I think a good performance of the debate by him in terms of appearing cogeant, getting off a few good singers will do it, well will be the final like sign off, I mean obviously he has to do it for all three to. but i think it could work, consequently he could do bad enough to fucking blow it, like i hate the big up something that it is essentially, but i kind of think that the the specifics of this race mean that cuz like obviously the challenge should win this, that is not a question, given the objective conditions, should win this race, but biden poses specific obstacles, now the democratic party offers own set of obstacles, namely its inability and unwillingness to provide any reason to vote for them, that's bad, that's hard, that's like that's one hand high behind their back, but that might be enough, it should be enough even with that, because just okay, you're not, you might you're not promise me anything, but you're not this guy, you're not the guy who fucked everything up, which is how non-base voters cease things usually, because remember it doesn't matter what his base thinks, they're the base by definition. they're not going anywhere uh and I think that they might sign up for door number two just buse hey you know maybe people will stop yelling so much because I really don't think they've succeeded in making Biden stand in for antifa or BLM or anything I mean sure Biden runs like hell away from the left at any opportunity and I think that also just his presentation of self this geriatric white guy just who's been around forever and was Obama's VP it makes it very hard. for that stick and so the problem is that he is still the guy who barely campaigned a guy who when he comes out in public says embarrassing seniil ass shit uh and if he's not up to the task then those people who are weighing options they might decide one not to vote or two to be like fuck it you know better the devil you know and as a result this might be a consequential debate for once. we know for a fact that the debates in 2016 were meaningless, because whatever revisionist history you hear at the time it was widely considered and not just by the liberal fake news media that Hillary won those debates, Trump showed up, he was irassible, uh uh uh erratic uh went on insane tangents, she was mostly on message uh, and I feel like like there are things pulled out from that later on that formed like a part of a narrative. about why he won like when he when she says you know she said something and he replied with you it's like uh something about like if i i was president if i was president something and he goes if i was president you'd be in jail and that was a good line but i think more than anything the debates just didn't change the dynamic one way or the other like we were on a glide path the the clinton campaign the candidacy her person was such that they were in a terminal decline towards the mountain they were. all of the signals blaring on the fucking monitors and just going to plow into the fucking side of the mountain and the and the debates were just another sign post along that way and and the media response to the debate saying how good she did was just another thing that helped blind them towards the reality in front of their face, but i think that oh wrong also was very good, but wrong uh and she had a couple of absolute cringe lines, and you know she had no answer to his basic accusation of... how come everything is bad, you've been in charge for 30 years and that ended up being the only thing that mattered, but that wasn't the debate that made that, it was the 30 years, you know what i mean, whereas this campaign, the way it's shaping up, i think that that people are the biden needs to close, i hate the sound like one of those schmucks, one of those uh, one of those horse race assholes, but this is i think like the archetypal situation where you have a challenger in a position to win. but there is this fluctuating, there's this wateriness to the support, and that there's reasons that can't be changed, like the platform and like the party, they're not going anywhere, they're still not going to be offering any alternative to Trump, but there's the ones around Trump, or the ones around specifically that can be a allayed, because way more people are going to be watching these debates than any of the stuff that comes after, any any press conferences or or public statements. or rallies, I has has it been confirmed that they're going to be in the same room, because I haven't been paying attention and my big worry is it's going to be some zoom bullshit. Yes, they're going to be in the same room. Okay, that just up to the percentage l possibility that this thing is really good, that just I'm I'm a little more optimistic knowing that they're going to be in the same room. That's exciting. All right, that makes me feel. better happy birthday to me maybe don't want to get my expectations up but the thing that really was just killing me was the thought of just a couple of fucking zoom heads waiting for like audio delay or something awful and i really do hope there's a drug test although of course they're not going to agree to do that it's funny like the hill uh Elizabeth Warren kind of proved everybody do not take Trump's bait ever and her taking the DNA test was idiotic but at the same time god wouldn't you love to see by and say hell yeah, i'll take a piss test, fuck you. it is Chad versus Chad, because whatever you want to say about Biden, he is in a certain sense chattish, in the same way Trump is, you know, they're both these glorious senile, decrepid monuments, and they have the similar charisma because of that. I'm not saying it's going to make Byan win, I'm going to say it's more likely that Sparks will fly, that it'll be entertaining, like I told you, I don't fucking know was going to win, and I'm saying Biden could do well or poorly and have it effect the outcome, but my only real interest is the entertainment of the thing, and them in the same room is more entertaining than them in different rooms. "who is the most cringe European monarch? how do you go with anyone other than Carlos the bewitched of Spain? the guy who's was so inbred that he couldn't chew his food because his jaw was too narrow, and he was impodent and had like the iQ of a dormouse, they said his heart was the size of a walnut when they did they they uh autopsy. at like at like 32 when he died, he had just like this high squeely voice, you get very agitated, just the perfect final outcome of a of of the the the finest lines of European royalty, maintaining their purity. uh Charles Charles the 12th of Speeden, the guy who uh would not take no no for answer against Russia and just kept fighting until he just got he just ruined Sweden's uh position as like a Baltic Hegemon. i i haven't studied the 30 years war, i read, i've read a few books about it, uh, i can highly recommend CV wedgewood's book, which is was written in the 30s and has a great great style, it's a good one volume, i think the funniest european accent is dutch because you got that that like sh. in there, although the castilian uh lisp is also very funny, like an entire language that has a lisp, Swedish accents are very funny, especially if you grew up with uh Swedish chef as a as a as a key influence. what i like to get at the ice cream truck is just the old fashion uh the ice cream with the on a stick with vanilla ice cream on a stick with the with the chocolate shell what do you call that that's the my thing. Maybe a fugical. a dilly bar, that's only a darry queen i think, although I do like dilly bars, someone's asked FDR assassination theories, I are, are you referring to the uh to the shooting, the attempted assassination of presumably of Roosevelt that... happened in Miami before his inauguration when uh Jose Zangara fired on his presidential uh car and succeeded in killing Anton Sermac the mayor of Chicago because I think there is a uh there is a theory that rather than it being a failed assassination of FDR that it was an intentional assassination of Sermac under the cover of an assassination of FDR because sermac had uh uh uh provoke the air of the Chicago mafia, that's the only FDR related conspiracy theory I'm aware of, if there's any others, let me know. favorite FDR portrayal in film? there aren't any really iconic ones are there like what what like John Lithgow played him in that uh really cheesy tv movie series from the early 90s I remember seeing as a kid, it was lithgow as FDR, it was Michael Kane as Stalin which was the best part and Bob Hoskins is Churchill which was fine, but fucking... Michael Kane is stolen, it was so good, stop, I am stalling, uy, oh bloody stolen might, might, oh stolen, uh, I did like Edward Herman and Annie, that might be my favorite one, i i'm stolen. All right, I'm gonna ask one question, John Voyt in the pearl harbor, oh man, terrible, I do love that that he stands up, he's to give a dress, not to the the like the people, but to the guys in the room, his cabinet, gets up just to be like, we're gonna kick the shit out of these Japanese, it's really funny. i don't know if FDR is a good subject for a movie because he is he's so uh inaccessible like he was not a personality who like he was not a president who like wore his uh he didn't wear his his complexes on a sleeve like a guy like Nixon or LBJ did he was very cool he was very reserved nobody ever really knew what he was thinking and although people say things about dumb guys like Trump and and uh Bush that they agreed with the last person. they talk to, FDR was the opposite, everybody left a meeting with FDR thinking that he agreed with them, because he always kept his cards completely close to the vest, so that makes him a an inscruitable uh protagonist, alonor Roosevelt more interesting than uh from a narrative perspective than FDR certainly. Oh Macartur, I'll end on this, someone ask about the notion of uh Mckarther is America Caesar is so funny and such a perfect example of how like we are as every way is always seaking to create these pathetic uh uh cookie cutter like uh poor feximily copies of roman archetypes in america like Mccarther was a was an absolute uh a prissy little bitch how about that he did not have any... anything like the uh the the acuman will intelligence character even of a of a caesar or a napoleon? if he's anybody, he's Charles Bolungier, the guy who briefly threatened to pull off a sort of bonapartist bonapartist outsider uh coo on, I think the second French Republic, before he lost his nerve, fled France and killed himself at the grave of his mistress in Belgium. All right guys, I'm going to sign up. off, hope everybody is excited, I'm going to go take, I'm going to take a lot of nutrients, and I'm going to say my prayers and need my vitamins, because tomorrow is going to be uh, either the worst birthday present i ever got, because at this point any chance for transcendent comedy that it doesn't manifest is is one less we're ever going to see because it just seems like we're getting to the point where nothing can be funny because the... the the the gap between exaggeration and reality is not existent uh so I will be morning it if it's not fun, but if it is, if it's a good one, it will be my best birthday cresent ever. All right, bye-bye.