 along came jones brown talk than jones slow walking jones slow talking along came lonely lanky jones, and he tracked her, and then he tied her up, and then he let the fuse to the dynamite, and then, and then, and then along came jones. f in jones slow walking jones, slow talking jones, along came lonely lanky jones, then he took so an hour into a fur lap, he said if you don't give me the dead to your ranch going to tire to the railroad track. and then he died her and then he tied her up and then the train started coming and then and then and then along came jones talking jones slow walking jones slow talking jones along came lonely. lanky jones, i see you, as the nav say, haven't seen avatar yet, going to, uh, don't really have a backup plan if i'm not transported to pandora psychially, if i come back out of that theater and i'm still fucking here, i don't what i'm going to do, buse uh, man, it's really, it's really getting tough, and why? because our brains attack themselves, because what we're seeing social. wide can best be understood as the brains of a bunch of people who are by any objective standard safe and comfortable and not in any real danger of that changing in the near future, i'm talking about myself too, but who can imagine a future in which things are worse for them, right? things are going to be worse, even if it's hard to imagine. them being more materially poorly uh well off, they definitely can imagine themselves being older, which is itself the non-stop grinding terror at the base of everything, in a society that has no sense of the sacred and has no true religious belief beyond the soul, which is what we have, universalized, not everybody feels it to the same amount, it is hegemonic though because is reinforced through our institutions and our mode of production, because we have been instrumentalized by a algorithm, profit extraction, which had been historically part, of a suite of values that made up sort of the mental tool kit of the ruling class, the ones to create the cultural superstructure that we all meshed within through their actions. uh, the machine does the work always, the machine of class society is not something that people uh do consciously, it is something that they uh, are uh wetted to through psychological structures that are far beyond uh, conscious thought, so they don't really enter into how people uh act or narrate. their own actions rather, they determine our actions without us thinking about it. that's always what uh our modes of production, our social our social reproduction does, and that is why it's the base, as Mark calls it, because it is done by the subconscious, it is done below the level of our felt sense of control of our lives, it's the stuff we do because we feel we have to do it. and anything that you feel like you have to do, you treat differently in your mind to something that you feel like you are choosing to do, all class societies, the stuff that... actually makes them go, the human inputs that connect to the technological and machine inputs that make economic action, that's all stuff people at every level of society feel like they have to do, superstructure, culture, uh, the the way people interact within institutions that we build on top of our economic uh structures, those are all people acting out of a conscious will. That's and that the action of the conscious will uh obviously affects our our actual economic system, obviously it does, but it cannot generate its own uh will. not generate its own uh independent uh action because it is always being shaped by a relationship to an economic system that we feel emeshed within and inextrickable from. now of course not always and everybody, not everybody everywhere within an economic structure feels that way, there are people, there's alienation away from uh our our duties everywhere. but it's arranged asymmetrically, the places where it is the most acute is in, i'm not going to do the stuff that i have to do, fuck you, that goes, that pools at the bottom where the benefits of adhering to what we have to do are the least to be felt, but that those people are geographically temporally, spatially, the fartest away from the actual machinery. that is running us, so when we act politically, culturally, we think we're acting uh as independent beings trying to change an economic system, but what we're actually acting as are people are to one degree or another enslaved to an economic system and trying to better the condition of their slavery, one way or the other, now that action at the lower end of the socio economic spectrum, tends to be towards militantt economic based challenges to the political order, because they're getting a shit deal out of it, and they know it, at the top, closer to the fucking buttons and and gigs and in the whistles of cultural production and and institutional reproduction, there is no, no desire to really change things, to really challenge things, but we have all these institutions that we can basically take our sense of anxiety in relation to a system that's leading us towards - death. now former systems had to their benefit for the ruling class the fact that there was a sacret, there was a line, because as I said, profit was part of a sweet of mental faculties of a ruling class, now it is the only one. and it is not a human one, it is the thing you tell the machine to do, well guess what, congratulations, the machine is now telling you what to do, completely, because it was that suite of things within a ruling class mindset that made them act to change without knowing what they were doing, to change the system and bat at it and undermine it, as as as time passes, contradictions within any class system accumulate, people start freaking out at... We are all doing that every day because we're divided against ourselves because what we need to do is posited and and influence within this global system, this chain of uh, this supply chain, fueled by technologies of compulsion, internal and external, guess what, it cannot be challenge. from anywhere within the superstructure in a way that previous generations could, in a way that people could when there was a counter hegemany in the form of a working class left-wing project. you're talking about everything from yes the Soviet Union, but not just that, every fucking uh uh communist party and also just regular old uh left liberal politics like in America. "yes, you know, the the cansian uh consensus killed, and and the forordus compromise killed the American left in the long term, but it was around for a while and it built institutions, and they were peopled by individuals whose matrix of what I need to do and what I am choosing to do, are more aligned, that's the strength of working class uh politics is that because it aligns people's actions of the will." with their their deep reptile sense of self-preservation, which is what keeps the rest of us lashed to the mast of capitalism, my god, they're motivated to act, absent the incentive structure of capitalism, we live in a world built by those institutions, so we think they still are alive, but they're not, they have been filled top to bottom, with people who have had everything but profit and individuality, sifted out of them, I'm talking about myself too, we are all fully individual spiritually, because we have severed that connection, and the thing is that a subconscious stuff, that's where God lives, God's there, but he's here, and we have to have an open channel between our bodies sensation of existence and its decisions to act. based on that combination of like recognition and repulsion of the other and and like that that sonar of like building a fictional but necessary sense of identity to navigate a world like part of that's half self-preservation but it's half recognition of continuity it's it's it's half recognizing that yeah you're part of something. and you feel it whenever your need and want are aligned, it is a fucking tuning for it to cuts through your entire body, we all know it, there's much of words for it, love is the cheasiest one, the most denudetive meaning because we've lived in the loveless world, our entire lives, we have, now that doesn't mean we don't love, we do, but our love is individualized, our love is dampened because it cannot resonate, our ability to resonate love has been bro destroyed. and so we live in these institutions and we think that they can do a thing, they can't do that thing, because when push comes to shove, everyone will save their own asses, because this is getting back to the original point, if we're going to die and we're going to die alone, which is what culture tells us, which is our society tells. every one of us, we can intellectualize our way around it, we can think our way around it individually, and we can find groups to try to get together, but it's basically like - self help or support or therapy, it is an amelioration of a chronic reinforced social condition that is going to capture us to one degree or another, our soul sickness is our recognition of that, but how we deal with it, it's a crap shoot, some of us get lucky, we f names for it, some of us though, never do, and that means that we're left with this ache, and what, how do we fill it? if that's the case, if you all go to die alone, you can believe in you, god, but God is just a substitute for you, and and uh, that eternal eternal separation is inherent, because you cannot imagine, hevided, as as the original religious traditions did, which is a reunion. with God, because that is an annihilation of the self. Heydeger was right about death? Heydeger was right about a lot, I got to say, yes, problematic opinions, but uh, but he had he has some good, he had some good stuff in there, uh, so that's why Christians, Christians believe of heaven as uh, basically a giant gated community, but the thing is they don't really believe in that, they don't really believe in it, how do we know that? because "their lives are entirely dependent on creating a global gated community in the here and now, they're insisting, no, every day of my life must be spent in suburban splendor, every moment of my life." must be comfortable, why if you're going to heaven? you have to live it here to believe it, you have to live every moment of your life in heaven to believe in it, because as soon as you move a second forward in time, it collapses into nothingness, it collapses into absurdity, it collapses into fantasy, so you have to live in a moment, that's why any any anoyance is misery and has to and any uh interloper must be annihilated, and of course. there's a narrative that these people tell themselves where they're being forced to be this way because of these outside forces, but they are picking an enemy to stand in for their own horror and panic at the thought of dying that they have never been able to reconcile. that's true of the libs too, obviously, it's true of everyone, if this is true, we're going to die, that's it, well then we have to spend as much time as we have personally enriched in one way or the other. now what that means varies by your demographic, that varies by your value system, that varies by where you were grown up and where you're brought up and by whom? what their opinions were to so certain enlightenment principles? uh, are they an Armenian? are they a fucking uh gomerist basically uh to get dutch with it? that's the psychic split of the bourgeois, it has been for the beginning of class rule, now turned into instead of what had. before capitalism a interplay in a relationship between a ruling class that is wetted to a social structure, because they had a god in the world, they could break that thing open, they could actually crack it. now again, they couldn't build a new thing, but they could act to break it up in a way that felt to them meaningful and therefore had a meaningful effect. that's how they end up absent-mindedly creating the new social structure that emerges from the collapse of the old. that they accelerate with their actions. now though, we're at the end of this, technology has totally taken control. everyone, people thought they're peddaling the boat, everything, you're on one of those uh, the drinking, the the group drinking pontuon things where you're all supposed to uh pedal and drink and go around town very obnoxious, well you'll be doing that and like maybe you realize oh like my my uh my my wheels aren't engaged, but you assume somebody else's are. nope, the thing is got a battery, none of those fucking things are engaged to a fly wheel, you're just spinning your wheels, and spinning your wheels is going to drive you crazy no matter what, but in the conditions that exist now, where everyone is able to intuit with their senses in some respect or another, a deeper catastrophe, one that cannot be spoken of or acted upon for the reasons i enu by our institutions, by our - ourselves, we can't work on them collectively, because we cannot speak to them, we can only speak around the whole of them, the absence at the heart, that's the only fucking thing we can do is talk around a giant hole, death basically that cannot be talked around, now of course that's because we have... been psychially broken and disconnected from our deeper well, our un our deeper interests, our bodies interests which are not individual, which is not about self-preservation of the self at all costs, because it is at that level that we understand, yes our separation from one another, but also our connection, whereas in our minds at this point we are only reinforcing our separateness, so our bodies are our brain our body our bran our upper brains are moving our bodies in the direction of panic and annihilation in the pursuit of pleasure in the here and now, because if it goes down, what else is there to orient yourself around, now you can again value it how you want, and uh and act towards it in a way you want, like liberals and leftists do this thinking that yes, but what i i want for the the greater good is some fantasy of political power where i make everything better. that's not going to happen either. now this does, the thing is, so we we can't, we can't recognize that truth. our bodies feel it, we feel ourselves aging, we feel ourselves becoming more vulnerable. of us, it's the only thing we feel, because our ability to love, our ability to connect to other people has been so brutally severed, so what do we do with that feeling? we take it out into the marketplace, we try to find answer, and the only answer we're going to get are those black holes that are of discourse and artistic expression that around money, it's money, that's it, if we're talking about it, it cannot change things, no matter how important it feels uh visserally, and a lot, and no matter how an issue relates to real human beings on, really matter, if it... could touch the real substance of our crisis? it would not be that discussible, it would not be, it could not, it could be discussible, it we do discuss it, but it could not become a axis of action, action, which has to happen, because we spend so much time in a discourse bubble, we've convinced ourselves that we can talk our way into these institutions moving, like we can enough... hot air will blow these things in one way or another, but no, that's just energy, it's just energy that powers fully automized systems of control, that have obviously have never before understood levels of technologic, technology behind them, but also have reached into our hearts, like the way there's a fucking uh kroger bag at the bottom of the marianna's trench, there is a a little plastic uh dagger in all of our hearts. Now that does not mean humanity is dead though, because this machine that reproduces this is also reproducing its own decline. It's just not being helped along by us, the way previous generations of humans have helped along the end of their political institutions, but those... were closed systems, or I'm sorry, but those were segments of a larger open system, like every empire every regime of power that is ever risen and fallen, has risen and fallen in isolation, this is the first globalized, human network or economic network, and that means that it is bringing about its destruction much faster than those previous bases did, meaning that even though we're frantically spinning wheels at the top and really not uh uh contributing the way that we imagine we are to its uh constructive decline, it's decline is still real and that means that its ability to assert power at the heart goes away. It is reduced, not everywhere all at once, not even in one person all at once, but in different degrees among different people, who then in their new condition, in their changing condition, I should say, move towards one another, with like like uh, light towards a new black hole, a new center of gravity. and I really do believe that because and this is why I have always been a uh a hypochondriac and I've always been a a terminally neurotic isolated person who who really did not who had now no feel for anything outside of himself for the vast majority of my life like that is 100% that was me. and as a result I was never ever, I was, I was miserable in a way that was manageable because there was some imagined other state that I thought if I could attain temporarily or permanently, it would alleviated, and it's that belief that keeps us wired into this thing at the level we are, and that has changed for me for no virtue of myself, purely. through luck like just because i got hit by the right uh uh gammaray blast and got knocked onto the right trajectory and by the solar wind. and now I'm able to realize, oh there like there's an entire other dimension of life and feeling and the self that I never knew, but all that other stuff, the selfishness and the the uh the hypochondria and the fear of individual death, that's still there, it didn't go away, it's it's my structure, it's my carapis, how could it go anywhere? and not matt Chrisman without that, because we are our traumas, to be, I mean it's annoying the way that trauma is talked about in media now, in the least useful way, in the most demeening and and and virtue signaling and superficial way, because it is deeply important concept, because we are built around the dents that we take, like those are our shape or the dents that we take in our lives, the thing that comes from outside the... we don't know why or when and then we have to make sense of it, but the thing is we don't know, we're coming at it after it happened, we're peacing things together, we can get close, but we can't get there to knowing what the hell happened, the stories we tell ourselves are the stories of our lives, but they are stories, some of them have basis in reality, but we fill in a bunch with fear, because that's all we have, absent a sense that we are not. that death isn't real, that the fear is irrational, but that is the irrationality that our psyches are premised on, that guy is still there, and here's all the stuff that I'm saying, and his response in the aftermath of me saying it and feeling like it makes sense is, when it's quiet and it's just me, the voice is, well, what if this is? you uh basically youuthanizing yourself, like you at a deeper level than conscious know that oh the thing you've always been afraid of the sudden death that betray by the body it's going to happen very soon going to have a brain annurism some sort of cancer that's been growing and it's going to just rip you to shreds very quickly you're going to get fucking owned you're going to die uh and this is you this entire coming awake this entire uh uh midlife crisis fueled uh revelation, this is literally you uh using drugs to say basically cheat your senses into apprehending a truth that your conscious mind is too terrified to reach at and is pulling you towards uh you being uthanized. that is like the worst thing that that's the thing that makes all my bodily senses turn into the... like the sensation of actual physical threat, the thing is, and the world terms on that, if that's true, it doesn't contradict anything else I said, and in fact, it reinforces it, because if this, if God and the Spirit exist, it exists in the temporal space between mere physicality, and uh, conscious. perception of the world, that it's in a space, a i hate to be cheesy about it, but a quantum space, where time is reversed, basically, and that's what I realized. like, oh, my fear of dying has always been a death wish, and this is still a death wish, because what I'm really afraid of is having to live, now that used to be having to live with uh, you know, um, personal discomfort, but now it is because I feel like I have fulfilled much more of my life, like I feel like I have a sense of community and and and reinforcing acts of love that kind of keep. grounded uh in a way i had not previously because i couldn't i couldn't perceive it that frequency uh i don't have that you know but i do have a sense that things are bad and are getting bad getting to get worse globally and that that and i will not be exempt from that in any way that i am as implicated and emeshed in that decline is any. question, not address it, but avoid it. Oh, things are getting worse and worse, for me and for everyone, in a way that I can't disentangle, no matter how much I try to rationalize it, I'm going to make things better by saying opinions and then voting for people and doing political activism in response to issues and uh, um concepts and and events more than anything that are dictated by money, money, money is the thing, doesn't matter if it went to college or not, it doesn't matter if it's red pilled or uh has the woke mind virus, that is all a mask, that is all a interface for you to engage with, because you are making a consumer choice, and you are being offered, as with everything else in the world, a suite of options that are meant to appeal to your demographic trench, because this is demography, it is not politics. people with x demographic traits tend to have y aesthetic alliances, that they mistake for political ones because they have no... political subjectivity, you're going to go out there and you're going to fight and you're going to make the world a better place, no you're not, you're going to have a good time, you're going to have a nice time with your friends on the computer, and then if that's not good enough because you're really miserable, you're going to go and do insane shit. "this is not a white claw, this is a good old fashion trader joe sparkling fucking water, thank you very much, resburry live, because we all feel like we're going on the train and we all feel like our lives are going to be worse, like i i want to die now because i would rather die uh relatively happy, i feel like i could do that, i could let go feeling like i uh, you know, i have regrets, i have significant, powerful regrets that are going to be with me my entire life, but i feel like i can answer for them to myself you know as i as i personally consciously go down this the towards the black hole of nothing where of course everything stretches and time ceases to have a value and all our fear of of extinction and of our fear of of of the Tony Soprano death are shown to be the the medieval idiocy of people who can't see all of the dimensions around them that are fucking affecting them, that we're not part of some circle of some sorrow, we're part of a fucking orb, a basketball, and then all of the flatness is imposed by class society, there's no religious tradition that exists now that was not born when class society became a permanent feature on the on the earth's landscape, which is the early iron age, the axial age, confusious buddha, so I feel like I could reckon, but I would like to... reckon with a bunch of uh you know physical pain as I am you know uh economically imperiled uh or if I am not if I'm lucky enough to not be economically imperiled uh if I have to confront the state at some point to to avoid being uh having my humanity eroded out of me to the point that I have made it but I am trapped in the same guilded hell as guys like Elon Musk. so buse i don't know if i'm capable of it, that's the question, i can talk a big game, but when it comes, push comes to show if i'm going to really be willing and able to sacrifice myself, because right now loving the world is very easy for me, it's going to get harder, even if i don't suffer. some sort of uh some sort of uh economic catastrophe or i'm victim to one uh i'm going to see around me - a intensity of emiseration that is going to make continued life uh in alliance and in reproduction of this system intolerable and again that's neurosis too how fast that's coming that's neurosis because thinking about that the the other side of it the only part of my brain that can really game out the catastrophes of things is the neurotic, selfish side, because I'm not there yet, the heart lives in the present, it's nowhere else, our memories are devoid of it and our projections of the future cannot uh, cannot conjure it, so our worst case scenarios are always driven by our neurotic fear of death, that doesn't mean they're not based on real objective things that... really exist, but we reproduce them and and and heighten their frequency because they are not counterpoised to a um grounded sense of i hate to say it love, but it's true, because the goal, the dream of capitalism is everyone is baren, everyone is a king, it is the Romans uh Roman conception of identity turned into god, which is why Christianity getting absorbed in the roman absorb by the Roman empire was the end of Christianity, because it it buse every society has an idea of... god right, and the Roman idea of God, even though they were pagans or whatever, their idea of what a God was, was was as it is with every everywhere, it kind of has to be a manifestation of our most valued traits, and what were the most valued traits of Rome, mastery, individual mastery of others. now that's a prob. now that's why you have the crisis uh of the enlightenment like people the fucking dark enlightenment pseudo uh intellectual mororons who want to blame the enlightenment for everything when what what happens is is that you get a certain amount number of people that that uh the malthusian trap is solved is the lock is picked by technology and you have to have a guiding ethos. every man a king over slaves can work in the demographic context of uh second century or second century uh Rome, but it is not viable once you're in the by the 19th century, so then how do you synthesize that? you can't in Europe, that's why it's a cycle of annihilation until world war. one, you can in America, now it's a fantasy and a chimera and it dies almost immediately uh, you the great the second grade awakening, the big uh mass psychotic break that happens in in the early 19th century uh, specifically in upstate New York, is an evidence of this, like before the the um, the real excorporation of the continent. begun, those early uh settlement areas get all taken, all spoken for basically uh by um by the 1820s and the people who came in late, the people the people showed up from largely New England, because oh turns out that land where the yoman dream was born is actually really shitty for farming and uh filled with limestone and not very facond at all, so he is ex mass exodus from New England to west, starting with upstate New York. uh Joseph Smith family is a perfect example of this from Vermont uh John Brown's family is from uh from Connetic and you know there are people who are able to get some land there uh there was there were a number of there was a land that was given away to world war - to revolutionary war veterans and so there was a sort of a little mini landrush there but what always ended up happening in those situations when when soldiers are given land is that a lot of those soldiers end up selling their right to the land to a speculator or an existing land owner because it's a lot of upfront labor for relatively for a risky proposition at that point, this is before farm subsidies, one bad fucking harvest and you're done for, that's all of that fucking investment is gone, some money in the hand might be better, but a number of them tried to uh, make it go, and yeah, we're annihilated, and it's that socially declining group, can't grasp the yoman dream where you can reconcile godlinesss and to uh an authority in a way that the puritans sear's hell couldn't, that's why they had to chop off the king's head, it's going away, what, but there's nowhere else to go, because the frontier is not open, it's not viable yet, like you've already thrown your dice, you're not going to be able to pick up and go to uh, what try to settle the western reserve, not yet anyway, you need more uh time for that to develop for because you can't move there until the infrastructure has been built for you, like that's the fantasy of American uh uh westward migration is that a bunch of fucking independent wagon trains going west, no, it is the army going first, setting up bases, trading posts and fortifications and then building roads that happens first, then people start moving, that's always the way it always is, and of course that's we reverse it for our fantasy, for our narrative, we call ourselves as a nation, because we sures hell can't forefront the the role of social institutions in providing this possibility for the individual to triom because it undermines our uh our sense of self, our identity, that self-sufficiency is key to the settler colonial mindset, the fantasy, like the fucking bores have it in uh in south africa too, and they they only they get to do even better because they actually were like they are the most aggrieved of all uh petty bourjois in the world because they did actually have the British Army com after them, I mean, we fought a relatively uh civilized war with the Brits, they fucking put them in concentration camps, they invented concentration camps to put those crackers in, so what do you do, you got to open a door somewhere, and that is why God comes back into the world, but it's only Joseph Smith among those early innovators who realizes in the long term, God's not going to be enough, god has to be wetted to a new social reality that can be reproduced separate from the institutions that are alienating everyone around us. that's why he tries to create this utopian community. Kirkland Ohio and then Navu are intended to be communist utopias in the way that Gerard Winstanley created when he went to uh St. George's Hilll after the suppression of the levelers. and they have been relatively successful, which is why mormon identity persists as something other than a demographic, because it's tied to a different understanding of the self that's tied to a different relationship to capitalism, and that's what like the hesseds are trying to build to protect, that's what the Amish are trying to protect. all the different degrees of success, all the different degrees of internal repression necessary to keep that, and that is what the uh, the populist right, the intellectuals of the populist right, want to universalize, they want to take that uh, that communal sense of self, that alloys capitalism and universalize it, but oops, can't do it, why? no frontier, it's only alloid with a frontier, it it destroyed itself in Europe. over and over again until America synthesized it and and imposed a new order where it says, hey Brit, hey, hey Europeans, we're gonna subsidize you people to pretend you're doing capitalism, you guys can all like trade for trade with each other and have your little labor unions, it'll be adorable, we're gonna put the x-nazis in charge so you don't get too crazy with this shit and forget who you work for, but you're gonna get to have your little fake democracies and your little fake capitalist systems, oh you guys... you love your farming, don't you, your yoman peasants out there, adorable, here you go, here's all the subsidies on earth, in America, we fucking destroyed our small farmers, the the ones who actually uh for generations achieved the dream of Europe, they got the ones who got butt fucked and turned into minions of monsanto, because there were other frontiers for us, but Europe, that little that little... house, the little fake continent, that little fucking snow globe, they get to keep like the the farmers, the farmers of western Europe are are restive and and they're always fighting for their... for their liberty, and it's like, yeah, they have been effective political uh, subjects, but only in a context where they are being uh, they have been anyway, coddled and allowed to and indulged by us, which is changing, and that's why Europe is going to go back to fighting, already has, it's going to get worse, because the populist fantasy is is of of universalizing, it cannot happen now, anywhere, which means you fight, got to fight, got to fight, the internal enemy, yes, but never. just the internal enemy, because there have to be spoils to distribute to the winners, and and absent that you have no uh, synthesis of your social dynamic, which these right populists think that they're going to fucking create, and the proof of this is that the teleology of all right populism is war with China, now of course, the grim joke is the tele of left liberalism, international capitalism is it exists, also war with China, because we're we're going down the drain, the same drain where we perceive ourselves at opposite sides of the drain, right? the cultural left, there is no left, that has to be emphasized, the left does not exist, I don't think I say that enough honestly, because I see too many fucking people talking about the left like it's a thing, the left is not a thing, it is an attitude, it is a it is a... identity segment perceives the right as driving us towards oblivi and the right perceives the left is doing so meanwhile they're just going through motions and spinning wheels in a machine that is being driven by the one actual operative order generating any politic uh any economic action anywhere on the globe profit extraction. profit extraction is the only thing turning the gears, nobody's an ideological prior is matter at all, that is all post-hock uh self uh uh justification, and see this is where I get to the neurotic part of me, because I'm like, well, that's true of me too, right? I am also rationalizing my in action by sitting here and talking, so that means that I am dying and when it happens. "I will realize all the things I should have done, all my failures I made, but that is tied to what narcissism, again because it doesn't fucking matter, I'm nobody, I'm nothing, and that's that's the freedom, that is the that's the thing that religion used to point to, realizing you're nothing is the actual transcendence that religion used to." and now in the west anyway does not. i personally have to do this to stand against that. why? you're so important, you're so special. oh, look at you, adorable. i have to die, affirming my individuality. guess what, when it's time to actually die, all that is going to be brutally uh uh stripped away. and of course you know that deep down, that's why the cult of action, that's why fascism, which is dead as a active political agent, but is alive now fully as a concept, conceptual skin for one half of the the gyroscope, the the the one one set of hands of the two on the wheel of of culture and flattering validation of the individual, oh, I'm telling it like it is, everything's doomed. No, you're telling it like your, fucking, your ego requires you to, to hear, and yes, grill pill too, the whole grill pill was came out of me realizing, oh, I can't effect change, therefore, this loadbearing sense of myself as a worthy being on earth, has been knocked out, what do i replace it with? and there was nothing there, because the work is individual. but it can only be reproduced socially, that is the paradox at the heart of of of everything, and what bridges the gap, faith. There's a common, there's a common sentiment on both sides of the cultural divide that says they would kill us if they could, and the thing is, asymmetrically that is true of a few people, and that's because and it is, yes, symmetrically on the right, but that is because there are for someone who is demographically a tuned to right psychological structures, there's less place to vent it. what can you do to vent your anx, your horror? oh, i'm just one person who will never be able to actualize in any meaningful way and then die, which is what coming into uh consciousness in this time and this place does to you? how are you supposed to deal with that? if you are. culturally to the left, there's a lot of options, there's a lot of things you can do to liberate yourself, just feel a sense of liberation, there are none on the right, now that's boohoo, obviously, but like the ones that are there are things like joining the military, but even the military, what do they do, they go and they lose wars, they go, you get to be go to go to fight in other countries and reaffirm what a fuck? time-serving loser you are, the only battlefield where you can fight and feel like your sacrifice means anything is here, i can die meaningfully here, but only in confrontation with a uh cultural superstructure that i am alienated from, and so yeah, on the right, it's a lot more violent, but that's because of a liberal cultural egemoneny, the other place of course is is you can enter the police, you can go be cop, so that's why you see the police the way they are, so yeah, more of them would if they got you in a room kill you. but even then actual numbers acting again individually because there is no capability of collective action, not a way that's going to be an existential threat to any social class, not not the the genocidal fear people have, most of those people, yeah, they would like to see you die, they would love to see you die, they would laugh their asses off, if they were watching it on television, if somebody else was doing it for them. and yeah, a lot of liberals, especially uh uh the wealthier ones, the ones who are more screamingly miserable in their heart and more guilty about it, they do hate right-wingers and they would love to see them die, again on television, we're all gonna get that treatment one way or another from this machine, we're going to fall out of favor with the gods and be reduced, not all at once, but through demographic, economic tranches, lower, faster, higher, from the top as people sort of individually spin out through bad luck and bad wiring, but at the bottom universally, camps if you're if you lose your like mass incarceration of of people for the crime of poverty is a going to happen in the United States, but it's and that is going to happen regardless of who's in power, just as the children in cages at the border happen regardless of who is in power. depending on who's in charge, it went in one side or the other, there will be spectacular acts of state violence to affirm one or another side. and they will have real outcomes and that will mean real misery for real people, but it is largely not even going to be a question of... state making choices, so much as the media making choices on which part of this misery to highlight, the misery is going to be increasing, our vote and our cultural uh uh war, our culture comp is going to be deciding which channel to turn on, which lens to view the horror through. and that is why I feel my, if I have any justification for persisting in the life that I am living now, given given the conditions around me, it is to try to cut through that, to break up that that uh, that psychic uh, tractor beam between these two poles of what is effectively homoning bourjois, there's people trailing them, we're all in the com, most of us are in the comment end of that, but it is homoning bourgeois of one same sort or another in this country, people who see threats everywhere, but by definition threats far away from their person, because this is all a game to them. It is a fucking game to that, and of course it's not a game to the people who get caught up in the violence and and the uh the the the spectacle of politics, like that's a real, those are real actions with real consequences, but they're not felt by the people who dish them out so they won't change anything. and the thing is all i'm doing is the same turn to the self that every that the left that actually existed did uh after the defeats of this of the late 60s only even more pathetic because it was such a relatively uh meaningless outburst but of course that's because the material conditions have changed this is a last the left as we understand it is the end of something it is not the beginning of anything, the cultural, the cultural formation we're dealing with now is something that will be extinguished, it will be replaced by a more expansive and spiritual conception of the left that will be in many ways unrecognizable to people who now call themselves that, and therefore a horror to be avoided, because no, my idea of the left is the good one, of course it is, dear, of course it is, what a coincidence, it's the one that you personally believe in. "Oh, really, your personal beliefs are the objectively good ones, I can't believe it, what, what are the odds? It's just like how uh, just coincidentally, uh, uh, imperial uh, Prussia was uh, the ideal social formation that uh, Higel find himself live on, living under. It was amazing, as soon as like this. new uh cultural ferment of the left emerged in 2017, the first thing on most people's agendas was, okay, uh, this counts is left and this isn't, if you believe this you're in it, if you if you aren't, you're out of it, and of course everyone who had that in mind, they had a very reasonable under argument for why their thing they cared about the most is the thing that mattered the most, but how could you ever know, because where did you get this shit? did it come from struggle, did it come from participation? in the class project for the most part, for the loudest part, no, for the part that colated around money, no, in a time when the left was was was trying to be resuscitated from nothing, your instinct of if your instinct is we've got to define this as narrowly as possible, that means that you have totally misunderstood terrain that you're dealing with, why? because you're in a you're in a little play bubble, and every every media uh thing that emerges to meet your consumer needs, is going to reinforce what you want to hear, buse that's what it's for, that's what this is all for, what do you want, we will tell you it, everybody who tries to go online to find the truth is just going to look in themselves in the mirror, what that mirror is going to be, but what they're looking for is is individual. but what is going to be reinforced is every individualness, it's going to be strip of everything else that brought them into engagement, and it's going to become the only thing that reproduces. but of course you know it doesn't really matter because it was this last bubbling like, oh this mode of production is ending, this mode of relationship is ending, we should do something about that, what do we have to deal with it? these notions, these categories of left and right, these political parties, these institutions, these actions, this of responses that we have inherited from previous generations, way of course like a nightmare on our brains, and we get up in those costumes, not realizing that those categories are empty, like in previous situations when Marx talks about the way that revolutionaries will take up the mantle, the costuming of of the previous generation of revolutionaries, he's describing, because he's describing capitalism at its beginning, it's real manifestation as a as a continent-wide and worldwide operating, cultural operating system, and therefore the working class is a self-conscious uh element of it that will be that will reach independent power, and it did, he was correct about that, just it's the extent of that individual power was independent power was limited, proscribed and then annihilated. like marx thought he would win the we would win the war, i think if if you want to get where he got wrong, i think he got everything right except that he thought he would win the war, and of course he did, everyone thinks they're going to win the war, because they cannot imagine humanity outside of their cone of uh of identity formation, like what the values that they have uh been a cultured to, because what other ones are they going to have, but but when marks sees the saw like the Paris communard using the the revolution as a mod the French revolution, that had been carried out by you, the lawyers and the bourgeois, this was being carried out by the workers of Paris, so those old forms are getting new content, at the end of that process, those old forms are being taken up by, it's being filled with nothing, it's being filled with our our narcissistic uh uh desires, which are the desires of the market, the desire the market has imprinted upon us. no matter what we think we're doing politically, that's how we can act politically through those institutions, and class is an old form, because someone says, what if class is an old form, it is, i mean we can talk about class existing as an objective thing right now, but we cannot talk about class and certainly in america as a uh as a live function of human identity, people might think of themselves as a working class person or middle class person or whatever, but that is, it does not have the uh grounding to institutional reproduction that it used to, which means it's nothing more than another element of the demographic pie that we all make up, and what does the new media economy, the move reality we move through do, it sees our demographic groups and then at a speed beyond our ability to perceive it's happening, offer up to us what it no what it expects us to be attracted to, and then our eyes will move towards it without us even knowing that we're why they are doing that, and then as soon as we have done that, everything else we encounter will be something that we think, we think we're getting we're searching through a some sort of reality, but we're having reality built for us, it's a simulation, i hate to use it, but it is. and I think a lot of people noticed after 2020, oh a lot of the things that make up the the legacy of the left in this country uh are just ornaments of uh individualism, oh my god, they're pursuing them actually puts you in conflict with solidarity, uh, and that is correct. but then many of them made the uh the self-deceptive move to then uh say okay those are the only ornaments of identity to have that effect. Other ornaments of identity uh that I associate with some more authentic previous demographic of worker, those are untainted, those are simon pure, those can be harnessed to confront capitalism. Nope, sorry, same thing. And those people who made that decision, they thought they were operating off the best evidence of their senses and rationality, but what were they doing? They were being told what they wanted. to hear, and what they wanted to hear was, what can I do to avoid this question that I cannot answer without putting my sense of self indulgence it risk, and that is the question that all of this exists to prevent you from genuinely confronting, including this show, as I've said a million times. so how can i keep doing it? because I know you're going to do it no matter what, because I know because the lack cannot be sensed, it cannot be pointed out anyway, it has be to be experienced, there has to be a resident experience in your life that makes that be felt at at a lower register. In the meantime, I might as well try to tell the truth. what feels like the truth? again, totally self, uh, self-excalpatory, because yes, I would rather, for my own personal pleasure, I would rather sit here and talk on the computer and make a podcast and hang out with my loved ones and do like fulfilling and rewarding uh uh work, then come into existential conflict with the state. which is the only alternative, so again always coming back, but what class societies, religious institutions tell us is that that circle is all there is, that circle is one dimension of a of a multidimensional process, the flattening is is done by the mechanisms of class society that rip us away from our felt experience, yeah it's like everyone's lying except me, like okay wow great sales pitch, what a shock, what a surprise, i'm the one who saying was true, but how do i resolve that? same way i resolve anything, faith, and in this case my faith is rewarded by the fact that when i say it it feels good, like in a deep sense in a way that nothing else does, like this is one of the key parts of this is that pursuing that selfish drive for pleasure everyone knows this is never fulfilling, in the moment you are always anxious about losing something or getting around something, finding some experience that was not fulfilled. we all know that and it sits with us and it still does like plenty of times during the day I feel that I feel like what should I be doing I shouldn't be doing this and then if I try to do something that is just going to make me feel good in the moment it doesn't really go away when I do this it does go away just sitting here and saying. this stuff, every outcome of what happens after I finish, the moment I'm in now is okay with me, because the words I'm saying, they like I said, they resonate, okay, I hope some of that made sense, is always talking in circles. a lot of this is yeah me doing therapy and talking through my own fucking oh god trauma but with me therapy i'm like i'm sorry you know part of me is always going to be i'm paying you you know so once again as a child of the market i let the market decide for me if i say this stuff and people respond yeah that made sense and the market has spoken, if anybody has any questions, I'll stick around for a little bit here. Yeah, the Chinese lockdown ending is uh, it shows that capacity is limited everywhere, and that, hoping that any current institution of any kind, anywhere within the capitalist world system has not been fundamentally hollowed out, is who knows to what degree that's wishful thinking, but there certainly is some everywhere, because again, how do we know, what are we projecting? versus what we can have any confidence really stating, i would say the percentage uh is way more towards wishcasting, either way, like people who fantasize about everything ending tomorrow, that is also its own wish fulfillment, right? like it all is, it is all attempt to to to make the future okay to live in even as we fear it won't be, it not being there, that's that cuts through the gordian not, that's why the uh the end of uh doctor strange love is a fucking sexual orgasm and and it is a good reason to think that we very well might get a nuclear war and that maybe a nuclear war was inevitable the moment that Oppenheimer fucking split the goddamn Adam in the first place because in this individual system uh if if we cannot... let go, if we cannot submit and only of faith in some sort of benevolent, greater and benevolence greater than us, can allow us to do that? we cannot believe it that at the highest levels of power, and we have selected now by for generations for people cannot conceive of that, then we must choose our own anniholation, we must, that's that's the death drive. at the heart of capitalism and fascism's effective death drive is just a capitalist system manifesting terminal crisis in this case the uh the German economic unit among the pre uh among the uh competitive state apparatus, the westfalian state apparatus that had been created uh in Europe by the mid-20th century. those uh, those units were in existential conflict with one another, one, there was going to be ultimate victory and ultimate defeat, the Germans were either going to change or die, they didn't change, so that means they were going to die, and fascism was their preferred method of going out. and that is why there is so relatively little difference now in different uh strands of American politics because as I said war with China is how both of them are oriented as opposed to World War II where you had this Atlantic American Anglo-american capitalism with its frontiers that had like a real cap capacity. to globalize capitalism in a way that was advantageous to it, Germany couldn't do that, Japan couldn't do that, they showed up late to the party, all the stuff that the anglos and Americans had done to get their position was now outlawed, it's like airbud comes in and uh, and he scores the winning basket. because there's no rules in the book that says uh a dog can't play basketball, then next week somebody shows up with a a German shepherd and they're like, nope, dogs can't play basketball, we we just won the cup and changed the rules, oh uh doing uh mass expropriation of land uh and and just uh distributing it to your own uh petty boujois uh flag on the play that's not you can't do that. Amber said that once uh, my wife, ambalo, that was very succinct talking about uh, the access powers in World War II. So locked out, it's like Japan and Germany, gonna change, or you gonna hit the fucking? accelerator and because the change uh faction was defeated, anniholation was the only end state. Now you can say China is an alternative, but we're still here, and we have something that the Chinese or the Nazis and the Japanese didn't have nuclear weapons. Do you think for a second, if if they developed a nuke at the end of World War Io even after uh, like like they were working out it like, well the bunkers were falling, you don't think somebody would have pressed that fucking button, you don't think Hitler would have pressed that button. That's why there is, I mean buse Russia, like Putin is like that end state of a capitalist uh, facing like real emiseration because the United States has decided that Russia cannot be allowed to be its own country, like to be its own independent power base to to to resist its own decline, and without an option, why would you not hit the nukes? the the proof of the superiority of the soviet. system is that they didn't launch the nukes at the end of the of the 80s, because they had a fundamentally different relationship to nuclear weapons than the United States did, sure there were uh there were uh, there were hawks and everything, but you did not have a defense establishment that was fixated around nukes as an inevitability, you have fucking Mcar champing at the bit to use Newks and uh uh Korea and and Nixon offering suggesting Isenhower they offer a nuke to the French to relieve the uh DNBN Fu for Christ sake uh, it still amazing me we made it through the 60s when we had those nut cases, Johnson and Nixon back to back without nuke going off, although apparently Nixon did actually order a nuclear attack on North Korea uh during watergate when he was shit faced and they just ignored him. whether or not the Russians launch a new during this uh Ukraine war it comes down to whether the US gives them a chance to save face and whether there's a faction in the Kreblin who uh is not as set on Putin as Putin is uh on an existential conflict because they can imagine themselves getting them or some group around them getting some sort of a deal the same way that the Yelson criminals got their deal. when uh Russia was carved up, but of course now, you know, everything's been carved up, what do you do next? uh, and I think that's why you see the NATO heads talking about dismembering Russia, because I think what they're hoping happens is that uh, is that there's some sort of coup uh against Putin or he dies and then the uh leadership of of the... state that he's created here, the the the remaining oligarchs and political operators and military guys will take the same deal that the regional uh kings of the peripheral uh soviet union did in uh 1991 and 92 when uh they got to be the heads of their own little countries. so that is the long-term goal because they know if Russia sticks around there is going to be a nuclear war, because the psychology is overwhelming, when it's one person or one small group of people, they actually can use this thing to bring it all down, but where wig history and marxism is wrong, is the idea that it the actions they take can be towards a constructive reform, because even Marx's revolution is a constructive reform in its architecture, the state is taken over, replaced from within by a working class, there is not annilation that then something comes you know up from afterwards, and that is what nuclear weapons ensure, and that is really why the last hope of socialism for this stub of human development uh, is might have been ended at the Trinity test site, because once you got the cold war, a final confrontation between the soviets and and the burgining uh communist world block and western capitalism became impossible. uh, Russians, the Soviets would always back down. Mao got that, Mao, you can call him a... crazy person and he certainly was in many respects, but he understood that uh, that if if the communist side was not willing to use nuks, then their eventual defeat was inevitable, but of course the dream, the idea he had that like the the chinese who emerged after a nuclear war would somehow be you know like uh communist subjects, that is incorrect. i do wonder if they just drop one new. don't cave what would happen because it's hard to buse you know it's like that's that's that better not be like a nuclear like an instant launch scenario right but like we also could not do nothing so what is between uh nuclear retaliation and nothing that can be done if they nukev you say like okay we're gonna nuke uh uh archangel or something and then we say look, one city, you don't, don't do another one, we're just doing one, retaliation, and it's not, it's not a big one, it's not one of the main ones, the Moscow can't do Moscow, yeah, full bocade, but how do you respond to that if you're Russia, that's why I really don't think there will be one nuke, because I don't think there's any gaming it out where it ends there, so why start there? but again, all of our all of any of our thoughts on these subjects are neurotic thoughts, the preservation of ourselves and as I said, the preservation of this stub of human uh life, which is only one of infinites in the or. of life, not the circle of life, the orb of life, one one track, one vein in the in the cosmic membrane, says we can't do anything about that, thinking a lot about it becomes a way of thinking not about other things, like what can you do in your life today, to feel like it meant something, the problem have us for a lot of us, it's very hard to imagine anything, and that was true of me for many, many years and it's still tough because it's not like i overcome the isolation and enemy of American life, i'm still wedged in it, i'm still totally emessed in it, my relationship to it is a little different thankfully, but i'm in the same boat as everybody else. the main thing that would stop that from happening is that the system does have that profit extraction incentive and everything is arranged along that axis which is aligned among humans along an axis of self-interest and it is really in nobody's interest uh, except for a few people at the very very top who have sort of talked themselves uh into uh an existential panic, which is true of most of our very very top ruling type people, i could name some names, like they have convinced themselves that they are uh in imminent attack, but you know those pinnacles can be amputated from below by people. just a little lower, but able to act act in sort of collective self-interest and they kind of snip them off. uh, but yeah, everyone has some sort of self- imposed uh uh uh manifest a projected manifestation of their own enst, their own inability to reconcile them the... selves and their body and then that gets projected into something else uh that's why everyone in the suburbs thinks they're going to get traffick or that are the isis is going to kill them or they're going to murder if they go into an American city or somebody's going to try to groom their child this is all a a self- projected uh fantasy pleasurable fantasy because the very fact that it's not going to happen is what makes it fun. they get to feel scared the same way you get scared in a haunted house or in a horror movie, that's what this is, that's what is generated by those issues, not. existential conflict with over like the his the the destiny of western civilization, that went bye-bye a long time ago, we're along for the ride now, all that has been squeezed out of the bladder, but we're still here as people trying to manifest make sense of our lives, even though and make and give life to these dead structures and institutions and signifiers and so we're doing a little scary puppet show for each other. and then we get to live in a this this world where politics is just those self-scaring bored anxious suburbanites determining the the shape of politics for the rest of us and now even though our concerns are more real because we have less economic security uh we can't i address them on their own terms, we can only address them through the same lands dictated by those scared home-owner boomers. okay, i think this was a pretty good stream. uh, felt like we got somewhere. wrap it up with a word a phrase that came into my head while i was having one of my patented uh freakouts, i was in a grocery store i was getting a little sweaty and i had kind of a little headache and i was like oh this is when you have the uh the brain andurism this is it it's going to happen right here in the fucking vs and uh and i realized like what i'm actually scared of is cuuse i do, i have gotten to the point where i do think the death is a recognition and and is an awareness of things, coming in awareness of things that were not that you could not address in your life because they were repressed, like it it returns at death, i really think it does, and our fear of death is a lot of it is a fear of not being able to handle that, that's what hell is. basically hell is an eternity with our regrets uh and and and uh hell is the denial of of reconciliation, which again is a fantasy class society creates, it is a a failure to recognize the that you can't separate in a meaningful way uh yourself from the thing you're seeking to reconcile with, which means you're already reconciled with it, but the fear is... specifically of of of the sudden death deal is like, oh, I could have eaten better, exercised more, I could have gone to the doctor and they could have got a cat scan because I've worried about this for a long time, and so even if it's not guilt a sense of guilt of a thing I've done to another person, there is a separate guilt that I have allowed myself to die, because I have access to all this information, right? I have access to this technology of healthcare. that should allow me to keep that from ever happening without my consent, basically, and I think that that is where that's the final stage of of Calvinism, is uh, the difference fundamentally at at end state secular Calvininism is is that uh the saved and the dammed are the the quick and the dead, are the dead and the alive, to be alive is to be saved really, which is why the end state of of capitalism now is eternal life in the computer and how even there's there's plenty of people on the the left who broadly have a fantasy of that happening so the only the final fatal sin the only meaningful sin because it's the only one that cannot be redeemed by future action is death because once you're dead you can't you can't escape reckoning once you're dead you can't put something behind. or ignore it or forget it, and so that becomes the only real since you have in your mind the ability to avoid it. I mean, that's why rich people take such good care of themselves and make taking care of themselves, a core part of their identity, and part of their morality. This is the key part. Uh, and so death is the only sin, but death is embedded in life and inextrickable from life, and therefore cannot be a sin. so that load bearing structure of like secular calvinism that we're all to one degree or another let uh emeshed in, I know I am anyway again, I'm talking about myself and I just hope it resonates, that's how I'm able to feel like it means something, and then I'm not just being crazy, uh, like the difference between me and somebody on the on the street corner is that... the guy in the street corner doesn't have people listening to him going uh-huh right okay that makes sense but it's not a sin to die so that means that any oh oh oh is as forgivable as any act because everything will be forgiven i do believe that i believe damnation is is a heaven is not uh, heaven is not a scam, people say like pie in the sky when you die is is a scam, no uh, because all of that is just a way to talk around the ineffable sensation of uh reconciliation, hell is a permanent state, that is a ideological artifact of class society. because if we did all like really know believe that then so much pressure would be off and all the things that make us feel like we need to exploit one another would go away that's what that's that's always been the apocalyptic horizon of christianity christ christ was i think a political figure he wanted the Jews to get together and stop uh imiserating one another on behalf of the fucking Romans, they wanted them to they wanted the Jews to live as in covenant with one another, but how could they do that if they feared the Romans, only if they had no fear, so people will go to so plenty of people. all going to go to hell to one degree or another, it's not going to be great, what it's going to look like, how it's going to feel, it's going to vary from person to person. a lot of it is going to be felt here on earth by living people, but it is, it's a uh, it's a passage, like everything else, i do think death is going through a black hole basically, and something comes out the other side, it's not you, uh, but it's alive because life is eternal in in the orb, in the orb we find ourselves in, spaghetti, I don't know why someone wrote that, but I'm hungry. the butterfly wakes up from the dream that was shangsu word, it's true, people say dying is like going to sleep, but you wake up when you sleep. Exactly, you wake up somewhere because it is localized, someone said, uh, but it's somewhere else, and that's the scary part, because that's somewhere else can be, and I think historialy in certain places has been successfully prefigured in the world, the life. live in here, but now that's broken, now we've created hell on earth, so how can it, how can we imagine that there's anywhere else to wake up to but hell, but the hell we've created is is a is an illusion, is an imposition, a false sense of false imposition of a of a uh disembodied consciousness. that has been severed from its uh generative root, but we all individually one way or the other come back into contact with that route the... our lives and then finally and then summarily in the ending of our lives. okay, there we go, i know that was long, sorry, now i'm thinking about a dang fish fry at the vfw, i we did go to those, man at walk Wisconsin, the vfw, uh, vfw hall, they had fried perch, uh, r bread, uh, apple sauce and uh potato pancakes, which i thought were kind of gross. but i really love the perch, while i is good also, i think a part of what's knowing at me is that yes i should be working on a book, but it is my fear that stops me from it, it's my fear of being when put on the page misinterpreted because uh, i'm a lazy uh kind of dumb guy. uh, and uh, a lot of what allows me to think clearly and express myself, is the crutch of the ephemoral nature of of this sort of stuff, and previous generations of of media, which require, you know, concrete expression, uh, freak me out, uh, but I will say that I have co-written all of the uh, hell on earth podcasts, like this isn't going to be hell on president. where it's mostly me just sort of riffing, which I did because I have of that anxiety, uh, I would try to write stuff down and it would freak me out too much, and uh, I think it was good, but I i i do feel like I have gotten uh, I've got, I've been able to refine things more, in the project here, so I have been writing, and I do think that the stuff that's in this podcast will be the basis for future writing, uh, my my main challenge right now is is is some way to integrate the spiritual stuff with the historical stuff because it's easy to talk about one or the other but talking about either in isolation feels insufficient uh that's why like fiction seems like it might be the way to do that historially it has been but you know again fiction requires a a aesthetic element that i don't that i i question in myself because of my many uh uh self doubts. That was good, yeah, I feel like I just fill up kind of with sort of puss, because there is so much of my life that I is not, the time is not spent constructively uh, and I because of my you know, because of the chains I forged in life, uh, and after a while. I perversely try to kind of increase that sense of anxiety because it motivates me to do the things that I've been conditioned to enjoy even though I know that they don't bring me any real satisfaction and then I can lance it. What I want to do more is is is is integrate my actions in such a way that the build-up is less uh and that's what I'm trying to do. Anyway, I'm, I'm very sorry, I hope I hope this hasn't been total chiverish, okay folks, uh, take it sleezing, oh fuck, you know what, I'll go a little longer because somebody asked about a book, I have not decided whether to do this, I want some... feedback for anyone who's read this. what about three body problem? has anyone read that? do you think it would work for this format? i know it's i know it's a si-fi novel. all right, we'll do we'll start uh, maybe i'll read like the first chapter for next week. i haven't even bought it yet because i just thought it this today is an idea uh so we'll probably just do like a maybe first chapter intro uh next week or maybe i don't know i know christmas is coming up but we'll see all right stella marris i'll look at up oh the new the new mccarthy perhaps i think we'll do i think we'll do three body problem first though all right bye