 driving that train, i don't know, okay so Jones, you better watch your speed, trouble ahead, trouble behind, and you know that notion just cause my mind, I replaced the cord here to try to get uh, better sound, if it's muffled at all, say the word, I have the mic right here, I can switch. but i think last time it wasn't connecting like it wasn't plugged in really this time i think it is it's muffled all right never mind this time i came prepared this time i have all the necessary equipment at my disposal there we go there we go now you can hears me Okay, you just can hears me, can't you? Can you hear me now? Verizon, or is a t-mobile? Who knows? That guy's a fucking mercenary, he'll fucking advertise for anybody. How can you believe in anything when that motherfucker will just jump ship at the drop of a hat? No wonder people don't believe in anything in this fucking country. You see a guy come on TV as a as a trusted symbol of uh of of cellular uh telephonic clarity and bargain and... he tells you this is the phone to get and then couple years later, yeah, no, it's actually these guys cuuse they paid me more, how am i actually supposed to know who has the superior cellphone clarity and coverage? if you guys are just saying this because people are paying you, i mean what the fuck man, honestly i feel like they need to be held accountable, oh man, you know i was feeling. kind of a little uh spilked up, you know, feeling not too good about things in general, i mean i feel fine personally, but but i was able to ground myself by remembering, hey, i can always hold people accountable, and man, it really did help, holding people accountable all day, it's fantastic, just get to point of people to say accountable, now i didn't say accountable for what, so this still technically isn't a politics, that's not politics, i want to hold the t-mobile guy accountable for switching, i want to hold uh, whoever the first guy to figure out that you could make a fucking CGI blood gust instead of - squib and save x number of dollars, that motherfucker must be held accountable, but yeah, it's a lot of fun, it's a lot of fun to uh, to hold people accountable, and it's free. It's free, it cost you nothing, you don't, not, it requires no effort whatsoever, it's a miracle, it's like white Diageny said when he was uh, he talked about masturbating and he said, would that were so simple to soothe your hunger by rubbing your belly, like you get to take all of your sense of outrage or anger or powerlessness and convert it into accountability in the form of you saying something. Who wouldn't take that deal? Who wouldn't take that deal? Who wouldn't be uh, who wouldn't be uh sucked off by that particular uh suck of us? I have to say the Mississippi state flag is a good one. They they jumped up in the tears from very bottom tier, it's a top tier flag. Uh, best flags. This is now one of the better ones. but New Mexico is really good, the symbol, um, uh, oh, what are the other good ones? I really like New Mexico, that one always stands out, but there's a couple i'm forgetting about, uh, Texas, I mean, you got to give it to them just for simplicity and starkness, um, flags are not politics, flags are aesthetics, we're talking purely on aesthetic grounds, Virginia does have a murder on it, which is pretty fucking metal. It has a murder being carried out, but I don't like flags with human figures on them, cuz humans don't pop on a flag, it's too much detail, it's too busy, you need big bold strokes and in my mind that's the best flag, which is why New Mexico is so good, it's like shit anything that looks like it could be the emblem of like a alternative history fascist movement that took over the world, that's that's a good that's a good flag. Ohio could fuck off for two reasons, it's actually a decent design with a big o for Ohio, but two problems, one, it's a pennet, get over yourself, everybody else has a fucking rectangular flag, you can get a rectangular flag too, who do the fuck do you think, you're nepal. the nepales flag is like that because it's you know those pennats are like you know traditional elements of uh of of of nepoles buddhist practice you just wanted to be different and too many stars why are the stars what are the stars doing what are the stars out there just busy and they're not even they're not even um symmetrical or anything they're just almost randomly thrown scattered. and i will cop as a wisconsinite, wisconsin has one of the worst flags in the country, wisconsin and new york, which both have the big emblems with the two figures and all the bullshit on the on the fucking shield, that's dog shit, huge swing in a miss there, and the funny thing is is not only do they have similarly shitty flags, they actually basically have the same state moto, because the state moto of Wisconsin is forward and the state uh moto of New York is excelsior, which is I believe forward in latin or something else. so I will cop Wisconsin bad State flag, wish it was different, but it is really bad, Washington's, yes, Clippart is the word for it, fucking just a terrible line drawing of George Washington, dog shit, uh, excelsior is upwards, depending on like where you're facing, upward and forward mean basically the same thing. you're talking about progress, you're talking about positivism, you're talking about like the Brazilian flag, ordo o progresso, you're talking about upward or forward movement, progress, the worm turning towards greater prosperity and safety for all, the 19th century Creto, uh, what, yeah, Arizona's is good to, the the the the southwest flags are both good, uh, uh, oh yeah, that's great, oh with the star and then the fucking sunburst behind it, it's like fucking imperial Japan, but not problematic, because you know, Arizona has not carried out any uh genocides in the greater East Asia coast, prosperity spear that I'm aware of. Yeah, no, Arizona is what you want in a flag for sure, people are saying, people are shouting out Indiana, let me look at that one, not bad, the torch is pretty. good the torsion and the and in this case the stars make sense unlike on the Ohio flag so yeah no Indiana is not bad i mean iron since in the end is absolutely bottom tier toilet garbage state bottom five but uh nice flag somebody is yelling for missouri this is got to be bad those fucking hicks man think you're midwestern i do not think so okay is it two bears are there two bears? are there two bears holding up an emblem? okay, that's kind of cool. they have literal bears. i believe those are two of uh alex branson's ancestors. that's impressive. yes, Missouri is the south, correct. i'm glad someone pointed that out. uh, this is interesting. i have a little bit of data here. maybe it's because i'm early. uh, it's either because i'm early or because i put Friday vibe stream no politics in the header, but i have way few. viewers than usual alive uh and i wouldn't be surprised if it's buse people are like give me the politics and that's good it's good to know what my uh what my real value add to the market is uh wow i did not yeah two figures holding up an emblem is boring but if the two figures are bears it's kind of charming it's almost like a flag for an alternative world where the bears took over planet of the bears that's whimsical i like it the bears als the symbol of the city of Berlin, see a lot of bare themed emblems and and and uh and symboligy there, Albania has a great flag, anything with a fucking a symmetrical bird, too fucking headed eagle, it's good, it's real good, uh, Mexico also has a good flag, Mexico and Canada both have vastly better flags. United States, I hope this is all understood, both Canada, you can say what you want about, oh, it's a leaf that's kind of, it's not viral in the way you want a nations to be represented, whatever, if you're you, going to be hetero normative about. it's just it's it's striking and it's and it's it pops the colors and the design pop and Mexico with the fucking eagle and the snake great america bunch of lines not even symmetrical bunch of like the ideal version of the American flag is the British Union jack that is that concept made into something visually interesting everything else is just some version of bars like France and Poland and Russia. and Germany barred colors that all mean something, if you're going to mix that up, the British figure that out, and maybe it speaks to the difference between like how the political cultures came to be, like the union jack is three, three crosses on top of each other, right? you've got the uh the saint george's cross that represents England, that's the English emblem, you've got the St. Andrew's cross. on the on the blue, like the red on the white for St. George, that's England, and then the white on the blue, which is for Scotland, although they changed the color, scottish people will real like SNP people will not, not seas to point out that the blue in the Union jack is not the blue in this in the Scottish flag, it's like a powder blue, and then there's a royal navy blue, which is of course, a navy blue is very fitting for those fucking limy shit. flying driving motherfuckers, and then like there is, there's also a like a welsh flag in there, but I don't how it's in there, but anyway, it uh, it's all three on top of each other, which represents like a political polity that emerged sort of organically uh, as a whole, the United States and the fundamental problem with the United States from a political perspective, like the the the reason this exists, the the the real materialist reason is the reality of free real estate you. Europeans creating a European polity in a world of uh almost limitless expansion, that is the reality that created our absurd situation where our political polity was this weird mutual standown between mexican standoffing states where they all relinqu the minimal amount of power uh and negotiated entry into this thing, a system that only worked in the absence of sharpened regional or sectional uh or ideal or... uh or party-based uh divisions and the proof of that was in the civil war that happened within 80 years of its uh adoption, which should have ended the document, but because we were still expanding then, because we were still pushing outward, we were still venting outward, among other reasons, but I think that's the generator of all the other ones, when that war ended, we left that fucking thing intact, which was ooh, what a fucking, this is history, this is not politic. the one with uh flag, the one with the wheelman is really good, and so the colors in our flag are just gingerly separated, like here are the 13 colonies all separate from one another and not crossing in any way, and then here are the stars all one after another, and it's like, oh my god, god damn it. This should have been dissolved away by the create the fermentation of America's social base that exploded the civil war, but no, the necessary container for it that contained those things in European polities, the first the other capitalist policy polities of this era didn't exist, the hard lines, like the social structural, like resilian institutional realities built by the the endless lapping of social. runs along a fixed, bordered, enclosed polity, our conflict happened in a in a context of continual expansion, a continually unfixed border, and that meant that we never really had to confront class con the class, the growing and emergent and finally you, terminal class conflict within the social order, uh when we could just buy it off, like the history of America is buying off all of our social problems, all of our political problems, all of our economic problems that are generated by the contradictions of our society, buying them off at the expense of others, that's it, at the first the expense of the native population of this continent, the expense of uh imported African slave labor at the expense of uh indentured then immigrant uh working class labor from the the peasant overflow of Europe and then uh the re-encountering of like remaining indigenous people. and integrating them through conquest in the southwest, and over time these different these different groups of people become political subjects and obtain a political stake, but well doing so they are bought off with new lucer accured through the exploitation of people other places. uh, in our little burgening uh uh empire that we built in the United States uh for a while before just taking over the control of the world empire from the UK and then ex and then uh like make uh fighting a war with uh communism over the resources of the post colonial world and prevent and maintaining a position where they uh were essentially confiscated from these places that they existed no... recompense it all for the the the robbing of natural resources, and then our current crisis comes from the fact that we can't do it anymore, the border is closed, the myth is over as Greg Granden says, and that is where all of this this spiral downward we're seeing, like with the president not conceeding, i mean this is a big deal not in terms of there's going to be a coup, but a big deal just historical. as a a as a new normal, as a new degradation of like the the political space, as a as a as a as a like self-conscious public arena where both sides accept the basic outcome of agreed upon structures of government and law, that's a big deal, and what is causing this breakdown is the inability of us to offload anymore. That's definitely politics and you know what, you guys should hold me accountable for that, please hold me accountable, I did a politics, I did a no growth, I did an imperialism, uh, I did a white fragility, and I have not even begun to contemplate the multiplicity of my offenses, very sorry, give me another flag, folks, let's let's keep uh reviewing some flags, uh, of course. before you say it, mozambike everyone loves it, it's got a fucking ak on it, bad ass, uh, the soviet flag was really good, hammer and sickle, how do you beat it, just in the one corner though, so you've got that just field of red, man, it was something, movie bob does not want to debate me, does he? no, did he challenge me? hello, he hasn't blocked me so i could check it out. has he has he has called me out? i would not do it, i don't debate, but i'm amused by it if that's true. i don't i think you guys are pulling my leg. i got to say i kind of feel bad for movie bob, i can't get, i can't torment him too much. he he did this tweet where he talked about how sad he, how he felt like all of the progress he'd maken in building made it building a social life over the last 10 years is all being undone by covid. and he worries is not going to be able to get it back and it hurt, it hurt, I fucking felt for the guy, like that is, that is a thing where I recognize that he and I are basically the same guy in many ways, like our backgrounds are similar, the way we encounter the world after going through college, roughly similar uh, with just differences of you know happen stance, things that we did not control, like we got sorted away from each other by by the quantum just interplay. of of of our uh of everyone going through their you know automatic social roles so I made me really think like damn there but for the grace of God uh so I don't feel like I can really I'm not gonna ever at him again or anything I mean I stopped doing that in general but this is definitely another reason I can't do it for him and of course this is true for every person like the fact is that that if you think about anybody long enough, if you know enough about anybody's history, you will find some narrative whereby it really couldn't have been any other way, it doesn't absolve anybody of personal responsibility, but it it should drain from you the ability to hate them, but I have to say it is very difficult to practice that, especially when you see people who do real evil, enormous evil and they're right in your face in a way that that wasn't always the case. in the premedia overload age, tacoma weapt, tacoma wept. somebody keeps asking for the isle of man, that's the one with the that's the one with the fucking lovecraft like occult wicker man ass leg guy right? yep, what's that thing called? i'm gonna look this up, there's a name for that right, the three legs uh, a nitri casin, that's it, oh, it's the tri. Triscallion, triscalion, nice, triscaleon, we love it, folks, don't we love a triscaleon, we love it, we got three legs, they go down the street, bye-bye, oh man, the red hand of olster is uh, it's appropriately metal for what has uh history of that region of the world, like if you guys are going to fight over symbols and you know historical memory and identity like that, you better have some bad ass symbology to back it up, and i got to say red hand of ulster pulls it off, irish flag on the other hand, man, i always was hard for me to see all these patties get all teed about you, the raw and just flying that thing, like you know flying the Irish flag is a defiant act uh during the troubles. in England, it absolutely was, but it's really all the Irish, all the Irish flag is is the Italian flag, if you leave it out on the pole for a month, it's just green, white and then faded orange instead of red, and I understand, yes, it symbolizes the catholics, it symbolizes the protestants, you see the green symbolizes the catholics and the and the orange represents. the protestants and white is of course the paste that we make between us, boring, get something more interesting, the the harp is pretty good, the harp isn't bad, they should use the harp more, aruba, aruba, come on, that's not bad, i don't i don't like the st. the star looks like it's a hood ornament uh, it actually looks like the the the door of a cop car, that's yeah, the ruben flag looks like the door of a cop car, no thank you, the south african flag, the new one is good, the old apartide one is hilariously bad. bad the the south african flag is great because it's it does the you know uh the challenge of just lines or colors like representative colors it it goes above and beyond just lining them up and it doesn't even just do like the you know the the the the pennet the internal pennet thing that you get with like Puerto Rico goes through us it's good. but man the old apartide one which was like a clip art deal where it was like orange and then it like the British flag and stuff like all in little in little rectangles in the middle yeah dog shit dog shit look at that thing it's a little uni it's it's orange on the top white in the middle blue on the bottom and then in the white stripe in order is uh a little a little tiny union jack, a flag in a flag, and then another flag that represents probably the the fucking bores or the dutch or something in the middle, that's the other direction, and then another flag, which it's i think represents like the natives or something, it's it's dog shit, milwakey flag is really, really way too busy and cartoonish, it's not great. Australia, anything with uh the union jack on it is cucked, you're cucked, get a new flag, get a new head of state, you motherfuckers had your ceremonial ass governor general overthrow your elected government once already, and you didn't get rid of fucking the queen, the hell man, cucked, yes, the red. letter media guys sitting on a couch should be the Milwaaki flag agreed, they represent the city in every respect. Sri Lanka. uh Sri Lanka, no, but apartide South African flag is some clip art bullshit a collage of other people's flags, it's like something you you, it's like a flag project, like design a flag for your country, and you forgot to do it until the morning of class, just dragging flags on a fucking uh clippart thing and putting it together, uh, what did someone say? I forgot already, Sri Lanka, oh yes, sor'. lion, you're doing well, uh, it's a little busy, it's going to stay out, it's not going to be in my top top cuz it's a little busy, but big if it is, if it was, yeah, like if maybe the border wasn't there, sorry guys, am i back, i think i'm back right, i got a phone call, i don't know how you uh, if there's a way to stop that. but yeah, if uh, if I got a phone call, it just knocks me off, I guess, yeah, I can't go airplane mode, can I go airplane mode, do not disturb? I don't really know how to do it, I've never really looked at the go do hikies. All right, uh, so give me another flag. Gibraltar, oh, I thought I made my point about the Sri Lankan flag clear, nice, but too busy, welsh flag, they used to be have a leak on there, and they switch to dragon because they thought it was cooler, she have some fucking confidence in herself. Ah, you know, the welsh, the welsh patriots who fucking fought uh, Edward Long Shanks, they flew under the fucking leak, it's not good enough for you, the Alaska flag has big dipper on it, right, yeah, that's not bad, just the big dipper. like it actually reflects something natural, which I like. Brazil is funny, it's the only flag in the country in the world, national flag that has any words on it, and those words are ordo or progresso or order and progress in Portuguese, because the people who design the Brazilian flag were part of a essentially quasai religious cult around French positivist philosopher August Kong, and they'. they believed that the the enlightenment and then the industrial revolution that came after it and created a situation where human perceptive capacity, human ability to to empirically observe its world rationally would become so powerful that all human issues, how problems would be solved through the application of reason, that was the basic faith and it was an actual church, they had churches that they were all over the place in the 19th century. uh the kind of like a fraternal lodges, it was it was like a it was like a a nerdier less ritualistic freemasonry basically because freemasons believe kind of broadly the same thing but in occult terms, like when they talk about progress, us improving the world, it's in these in the terms of you, like the grand work and everything, but in practice that means applying reason to the world and solving its problems, and they were very influential, especially in Latin America, like the uh the uh scientificos who were act like a like essentially the intellectual uh the coordinating committee for cap emerging capitalism in uh 19th century Mexico under the perfeiriad Diaz uh they were similarly positivist and that they thought like if we get the data here we can turn this country into a modern society and all of our problems which are lingering issues that come from colonialism and racism and everything else will be resolved and uh it had a lot of influence, i think uh world war 1 really kind of took the window of the sales on that uh world war 1 was kind of a oh boy we got more technology than we've ever had, we have more scientific knowledge than we've ever had and we just had the world's biggest fucking uh like pi fight at the family reunion that led the death of fucking tens of millions of people, just death over whose mustache is more waxed in the greater inbred fuck puttle of European royalty, but you know really it was about... about the system overheating, the need for markets to be found elsewhere and uh and the need to deal with the rest of uh working class who were acquiring political power at alarming rate in all of the countries that went to war in world war one and that kind of took the wing out of the sales of positivism, but the for a while the in the 19th century and had a real go and one of the legacy. of it is the flag of Brazil, ordo and progresso, and then you look at Brazil now and you look at fucking uh Bolsonaro running around, getting pecked to death by Emus and getting 16 types of corona and saying that we need to not be homos about it, only worse than that, I don't know, man, I don't know, uh, I think the, I don't know if I agree with your police work there, Lou. South Carolina flag uh is a good flag, the uh, there's an interesting factoid about the South Carolina flag, and it speaks to the history of uh, of like the settlement into plantation agriculture of the south, because the underlying real, the underlying thing that uh, that ended up creating the dueling economic models in the north and south out of the American. colonies was uh geographical, it was distribution of soil riches basically, the northern tier, thanks to weather and other things, had land that could could be used for agriculture, but was could not be profitably utilized in the nutrient intensive, extractive economies of cash crops, so the model became small holding farmers whose. with cities, they traded their surplus production to to urban areas and exchange for finished products, in the south, the existence of this rich bottom land allowed for this large scale exploitation, which required the degree of labor input that was simply not affordable on the market, no one could be paid enough to do what it takes to take to uh to make that profit. you would take all the prophet, there would be no profit, there would be no place for the guy to sit on the veranda and fan himself, and that simply wouldn't do, and so slavery had to be invented out of that reality, and the people who carried out that slavery were culturally distinct within the people coming to the new world, because every every like wave of english, first English and Irish immigration, British immigration in the very early. shared of the of the colonies was the distribution uh uh at first almost randomly like religious outcasts and uh you know people seeking uh trade but over town over time as the area became settled and as like its actual distribution of resources became known people started self-selecting and in a place where there's a ton of land that could be bought, held and converted to uh, to like massively a labor extractive agriculture, meaning indentured labor or slaves, this brought uh the aristocracy, it brought the the the gentry of the of Great Britain, it brought the the the overflowing squires, the children of the... the crescent moon is the sign of the second son who doesn't inherit anything under primagenitor, the one has to become a join the army or the priesthood or find something to do, because you don't get the you don't get anything, you have to find your way, and a lot of these people in after. the after immigration uh and colonial colonialization colonization started in first in the west indies and in the Americas um they started following suit they followed the land and uh the generation of uh leaders of colonial South Carolina the ones who built its institutions and built its culture and built its political you know architecture uh and and it's like economic uh arrangements were largely the second son second the second sons of planters who had already been established in Jamaica and in the west indies controlled by the UK, places where the uh you know the dwindling uh land like the land of the old aristocracy was sort of dwindling away in its profitability during this era in England and at the same time you could take your capital if you accumulated there go to the new world buy some land and recreate it there with slave labor instead of uh tenents or or hired hands and at a much higher profitability rate. like fucking shearing sheep or whatever you were doing in the cotswallets and so they recreated the old aristocracy in the new world but the same issue of primogenitor arose and so the early elite of South Carolina were the second sons of those uh Jamaican and barbadian uh planter aristocrats, and so they put the sun on the flag. so that's a fun little fact. uh, anybody have uh any other flags for me? the Nepal, yeah, that's the one, that's the penent right, that's the one that isn't trying, and that's actually we like, Ohio is just a penet, this with the with the sob, it's cool, it's good, it's good, it's a good battle standard. which presumably it was, Maryland is weird, Maryland, if you look at it too closely, you get a headache, it looks like a magic eye poster. Scariest World War II group except for the Nazis, that's a good one. There's two big contenders in my view. One, the Ustasia in Croatia. Ante pavlik, these guys were uh, when the not when when they entered into their junior partnership with with the third rich uh, and they saw what what they could get away with. Who boy, they went ham uh, and uh... and uh even like the local nazis were so appalled by it that they said hey tone it down a little bit. there was a uh there was a uh group called uh, i mean there was there was a rumor, i think it was like in a in a it was it appeared in a novel but people sometimes think it's it's true, i guess it's apocro, it's too good i kind of believe it's true because it's too good a story. that ante paavalik, the guy who uh, was the head of that puppet regime, uh, was, he had a jar of eyeballs on his desk, but he, along with a lot of the other astasha, uh, in a higher rate than like other collaborators, was able to escape uh, Europe through a rat line involving uh, the Vatican and Catholic priest, uh, the CIA and the mafia, like this was the early stages of setting up the networks that would become the gladio operation. "the first thing they did was get these Croatian Catholics out of Europe and into South America, and antipovolic went to Argentina, I believe, where he lived for like relatively in the open for 20 years until a i think a Serbian uh nationalist found him and fucking plugged his ass uh and he actually survived the initial gunshot and was flown to Spain for medical treatment under Franko and then died there, so Ustashi are up there, the iron God of guard of Romania who carried out one of the most gruesome pograms of World War II where they literally took uh Jewish people I think of Budapest into a um or bukarest into a uh slaughter house it fucking Texas chance to ask her stuff like the kind of stuff that that even for holocaust standards is pretty grim you know like buse you've got your holocaust stuff which is all like boln bleachingly sold terribly. shreddingly terrible and then you've got things like the iron guard, the der Wangler brigade, come and see is based on those guys that is like and of course mangala where you're like, and then I will say, non-European audition, you got to go with Japanese imperialism, holy shit, believing that you are literally like a divine people descended. a living god and having uh internal combustion engines and fucking machine guns is a bad mixture. Unit 731, but that on the list that goes above and beyond world war 2 grossness, nan king massacred also, yeah, it's a very good likelihood that uh, I mean you can trace seventh, you uh MK Ultra starts with unit 731 because it was from. that research that the CIA developed the uh germ warfare that they were using in uh in Korea that they had to cover up and uh and also the mind control techniques they used to try to like reverse engineer brain washing and also created at the same time and you got to say though that like of all these places like the Japanese to just like not really talk about it at all to just sort of act like okay why you bringing up old shit? it's it's pretty breathtaking from like a a you know from a g8 country, it's like come on guys, you guys are rich, you guys are rich, look at the germans, the germans are like are bad and it's like sure you know they can they can feel sad, they're all chop stuffed with chocolate and round and enjoying a big frosty beer and listening to some ouma music, they can be like, yeah sorry, sorry about the palicas, you guys have fucking sex robots and uh like conveyor belt sushi and like uh VR karaoke rooms and pachinko machines uh that you can fuck you can't fucking say my bad oh what cuuse you got nuked oh sorry i mean turkey you can kind of understand a bit more you know like it's it's been a it's it's It's it's a developed country, but it's also much lower you know just per capita income level than Japan, it's much less politically stable, I mean four or five what, I think what, I think believe three cous since uh World War II, and an attempted one only a few years ago, and you know, like the fact that they're uh, that their whole domestic political culture is this sort of like islamo fascism, it's kind of funny, like that was a... term, that was a made-up term for years by guys like Christopher Hitchens to squint at the cold war and turn it into world war ii, but like specifically like the akp political um military machine that controls Turkey is like fusion of like the old uh you know right-wing secular uh nationalism of the graywolves with like explicit uh islamic uh like religious justification and of course also just shock through with gladio, but of course the Japanese government was also shock through with gladio. I don't know is much about that, but apparently uh, there's a lot of stuff, like the US and the yakuza, operating it to essentially create like a a a a shadow structure behind the entire political facade and the like the emerging conglomerates. dominated Japanese economy, I'd like to know more about it, click, but at the same time, like it's all behind the scenes and they get to groove, they get to dance with like the mascots, they get to do the mascot dance, turkey doesn't get to do the mascot dance, they go to fucking soccer matches and all have to stab each other, so I say Japan, you have less of an excuse than turkey. Come on, Japan, come on, yeah, both the Japan, in both Japan and Italy, uh, the United States essentially created one-party states to replace the fascist governments, staffed largely by former administrators and political figures of those fascist regimes to maintain, make sure that communism would not come through the back door. We're going to play cod cold war on Sunday, we're going to try anyway, I do not, I mean I I trust Chris, but I don't trust the equipment necessarily, so and I don't like know how to, this is the first time we're streaming something, so we're going to be in the office having tested each other and had our tests done uh and we're going to be cauting. the fact that it's all there in the 80s is just so mindblowing the... mean we like to think of the 80s as the grand like climax of the cold war in terms of it's when we achieve moral clarity, it's when we finally had a president who had the guts to call them an evil empire and the man the end of oppression in eastern Europe tear down this wall and it all ended up to the walls tumbling down like fucking Jericho but in terms of our actual policy like the strategic uh uh geo like the the the geopolitical like strategic operations that made up our cold war response, our cold more gamesmanship was at its most depraved and monstrous and that's because we felt like we had him and we were going to squeeze the fucking life out, what was like the US cold war in the 80s was, let's go around the horn, we'll start close to home, in the 80's cold war was in central America. uh support genocide against indigenous people who are resisting the the uh feudal overlords, the the post colonial feudal overlords that we had installed there, or in the case of Nicaragua respond to a popular political uprising against our disgusting latifundist uh comparador uh class collaborators uh, we declared unofficial and illegal. on them and uh that were including the illegal mining of their harbor and the funding of a bunch of drug pedling psychopath former military officers whose main tactics were burning down rural hospitals and raping teachers and burning down schools, that's what they did, they didn't fight, they didn't fight the santanis, they murdered civilians and civilian infrastructure with the drug money that we helped them get by selling drugs to American citizens, that's another part of this thing, let's not forget that uh, in the 80's it's collaborating with operation condor and the fucking huntas and argentina and uh and the araguays and Chile and Brazil, in Africa, holy shit it is full-throated uh military and diplomatic Alliance with the South African apartide regime in its death throws, supporting it against international censure and uh and the and the effective application of uh sanctions and then militarily collaborating with them in trying to defeat indigenous or uh African uh independence movements in namibia, you get a situation, the battle of... the biggest land battle in Africa since World War II, a stand-up month months long battle between - marxis and Golans uh and supported by cuban and rush cuban troops and Russian advisors against South African uh against a uh a native like uh puppet gorilla movement supported by South Africa, European mercenaries and us, that's what. we're doing in Europe, that's what we're doing in Africa at that time, meanwhile uh the the uh south african uh security service, the boss, the Bureau of State Security, is going hog wild, doing everything from assassinating, obviously assassinating domestic political opponents like Steve Beko, uh, creating uh puppet organizations like within the Zulu uh communities to... to uh create like a a turf war with the ANC to like undermine their position from the inside uh killing opponents in foreign countries they fucking put a mail they put a bomb in the mail box of ruth first who was one of the heads of the African of the communist party in in South Africa and blew her up they probably killed the fucking Swedish prime minister they very well might have intention infected uh townships with aids if you believe anything that was in uh cold case hammerstole and there's reason to the middle east who do we support in in the in the convulsions of the middle east like the lebanese civil war Israel and fucking uh the falange the people carried out the sabarin shitia massacre we funded both sides of the Iraq Iran war which is the biggest land war of the 20th century other than world uh since World War II and killed millions seas needlessly defend uh supporting the Mujad in Afghanistan a bunch of fucking uh tribal psychopaths uh reaccionaries in every sense like the the upholders of like the least progressive elements of the society intentionally to undermine communism with no idea or care about what it would do in the long run uh also just dealing drugs let's not forget that just dealing wild amounts of coke and some heroin too, golden triangle still there, afghanistan, oh we were supporting the fucking uh the Kamir Roge and exile, isn't that funny? the kamir rugian exile because they had been kicked out by vietnam the the vietnamese communists uh was supported in the UN uh and materially by the United States and Britain and China. of course, which is hilarious, but uh, and so yeah, like what's one of the missions, you go in and meet Paul and you give him a fucking bunch of uh landmines, it's like there's nothing but repression and bloodshed, there's nothing you can, like at least in the 60s, there was like the usaid thing, there was like the peace core, which is awful as you can uh, as you want to say, at least was an attempt to like, extend a a carrot and by the 80's because the tide was turning there was no carrot that developmentalist bullshit like the the the the proud papa good neighbor policy that was fucking that by the 80s that rug had been pulled out after the vulker shock especially in the domest in in uh latin america the vulker shock we talk about what it did in domestically but what it did internationally is also still with us and what specifically did in latin america is that it's essentially exploded the debt of every fucking country in Latin America, which was priced in American dollars and had American interest rates therefore, determining its transactions, and they could and so their interest rates on the the debt just exploded and it essentially broke the back of the entire like developmental model that was being tried in Latin America, like there was an attempt even among like the right-wing regimes to build independent domestic economies and not just be extraction economies for... west and and the the yankees uh, but those efforts were fundamentally in every sense abbregated by that, and everything has been struggling with the the fall out of that. so once again, nothing, nothing to write home about about the US in the cold war. I'm trying to think of like forces that the US supported in uh other parts of the cold war that might have you know even if they were bad because we were supporting them why wouldn't they be but you know like the people making them up you have some sympathy for like I would say that the Mung the... the monted yards that the CIA recruited uh to to uh fight on their behalf in in Vietnam and Laos I I it was all bad but like I they themselves you know were fighting they weren't fighting to oppress anybody really you know you could see that they were like just trying to maintain a way of life maybe even maybe that's bullshit and of course everything was fuled by drugs and so you've got local leaders just taking over and it's corrupt of course there's just something I could see is like yeah "you know what, that's that's a bum rap, I don't what I would do in that situation either, but by the 80's, it was all just monsters, it was, it was, it was the worst, the settler colonial overclass, unrestrained by any concern for needing to negotiate with like working class power, or or or peasant power." so yeah, i'm very interested to see what the missions are, like i said, it be very funny if the verbond killings were one, you got to go into a fucking uh belgian grocery store and just spray everybody, like the no Russian scene, trying to think, but i'm wondering whether it will actually be in there, where is he gonna go, i saw some jungle action, are they gonna just do fucking rambo like pretend? That's what we were doing in the 80s, yeah, there's a good idea, the dolly Lama, the... is basically a CIA asset, they they got him, they got him out of there, as Donald Sutherland said in JFK for to serve a purpose, like he, his his his international position is is is a was maintained because of its advantageousness to us foreign policy, but at the same time I can't get mad at the Lama, and I can't really feel the Lama is doing that much bad, maybe he's doing more, I don't know that much about the lama, he, I mean, and it is true that hereditarily, Lamas were just feudal overlords and they were they were exploitative and like they were, but like when they kicked him out is he even that anymore, isn't he just kind of like a hobo, so can't get too mad at the lava, but that was the 50s in the 80s it's Jonas Savimbi, uh, it's fucking uh PK Botha, uh, it's uh Robert Debusen and El Salvador, Effrio Rios Mont, fucking pinache. pull pot, as I said earlier, yeah, there should definitely be a a thing where you just have to escort like a shipment, like a escabar shipment, because we were buying it for, we were uh, they were moving it for escabar. CIA was moving it for Escabar through Central America among other people uh and just stuff you got to get like a giant thing and you got to get it through and like escort mission b maybe cigarette boats I know it's most of California but maybe just like a cigarette boat thing like that'd be fun talk someone saw. now about bpcci, I mean it was essentially a front bank for CIA transactions and money laundering, which the Vatican Bank also served as as the 80s uh, if there's a contemporary equivalent, deutsche, I mean all of them are obviously, if in a case of emergency, all of them are, but in terms of ones that act on a day-to-day basis for that purposes, you look at the global thing, HSBC is up there, they got ding for that like multi multi multi billion dollar uh cartel laundering case where nobody did a d the second of jail time and they're fucking uh they're they're they're um their their fine was basically a rounding error compared to how much money they'd moved but deutsche bank man deutsche bank i don't know a lot about all the ins and out stuff i'm not a show and on i'm not a details guy i'm a big picture but man deur's bank wild shit. Oh yeah, Chechnia, you could go to Chechnia in in that one too, in the 90s, oh man, I want those Vatican archives, somebody says Vatican Archives are the Deutsche Bank archives, they would both be rich, rich treasures, but I would love to get like the whole depths of of the Vatican's specifically their intervention in Italian policy. after world war 2, very interested in that, but also all the petile stuff, come on, how far did that go? yeah, that's there was a uh... like if P2 is like the secret government, like the social secret government of Italy after World War II, then South Africa had one too, someone is reminding me this, South Africa had one of those too, uh, it's it was called the Africana brother, the African Africaner brotherhood, and it was a, it was like kuanis club, and if you if you wanted to be, if you wanted to get into the the top ranks of the national party, you had to be in it, and That's kind of what you get when you get a situation that it happened after uh uh in South Africa because uh after they after South Africa officially got separated from the UK uh they became kind of a one-party state for a while the national party became like the the the governing structure even though they were still formally a democracy within the white you know electorate uh so that meant that like politics had to become internalized and it was internal. through this organization, the African Broard, and you know, it was, it was a way to to uh, identify talent and then groom it through social uh trust. and connection, because that's how you actually have to govern, you have to govern through insinuation and trust, uh, so that you can leave unspoken horrible things, and the only way you can do that is by the aculteration of trust over time, and so these ritualized sort of uh, initiations, they're part of any power structure, and so like that is why you know, that's one of those things that is distorting because conspiracy theory turns it into the whole sum of the thing, but really it's just the social ritualization of power that is there implicit in the the structure that we're all finding ourselves part of and we're playing our part within, but at the end of the day there was enough like when any you talk about any of these shadow governments or anything, they are able to rule because they represent social order that is that is uh in some sense materially generated, that's why they're able to rule, so something intervenes with them, they will rule. shit, was any of that politics? i said there wasn't going to be any politics and i kind of think i fucked up and put some politics in there, and if i did i have to say that i i feel that i am accountable, and i want everyone to know that i feel. I am being held to account by you and that you can be aware that in the future I will always remember this moment of accountability and carry it forward into the future to remain an accountable boy, an accounting accountable boy who we all love to account for and account for every day, don't we love him isn't a sweetheart, he is isn't he, say goodbye to the accountable boy, accountable boy, they all said.