 fighting soldiers. from the sky, fearless men who jump and die, men who mean just what they say, the brave men of the great barrer, silver wings upon their chest, these are men, America's best, 100 men with test today, but only three when the green barrer, training to live off nature's land, trained in combat, hand to hand, men who drain and fighting day, courage takes from the green burray, silver wings. Upon their chest, these are men, Americans best, 100 men we'll test today, but only three win the green burray. put silverwing back at home, a long wife waits, her green buray has met his fate, he has died for those oppressed, leaving her, his last request, put silver wings. on my son's chest, make him one of America's best, he'll be the one, they test one day, and then he'll be a green breay, hello. seems like the question that is at the center of all political discourse but that can't really be named and it it's named around and it's certainly gestured towards but it's rarely confronted directly is what do we do about the small whites and we say small whites i mean in the sense of the class formation that emerges in a settler colonial project where you have the big bourgeois then you have the to one way or another uh prostrated laboring class and then you got those ones stuck in the middle and the thing about them is that they are uh, they are constitutionally denied the possibility of solidarity, imagined or real with anyone outside of their uh, family unit, maybe or or clan more broadly, because they are in competition and often employ, they employ uh, people below them, and then they're also at the whim of an economy that is set by those above them. uh and it makes them an incredibly powerful uh political block when they mobilize and what they when they mobilize what they want is they want to create a world that cannot be. now you could argue that that's also what the working class uh has in its vision for socialism uh, but there are two faces really of a um of a millenneary apocalyptic. was this uh class organized revolt against capitalism with the idea of destroying the current order and then replacing it with a uh vision of social harmony generated by that which had led would have led to triumph, social solidarity, and it is the continuation and the completion of the Christian millennium, Christ return as the return to a state of uh paradise. now the the small bourgeois also has a millenniary horizon, but it is a negative one, because it denies fundamentally the the very concept of solidarity, its activism must be driving towards a ecstatic annihilation uh yes there is of course there is a all these groups have positive visions, i mean the nazis had this idea that they were going to turn uh the turn eastern Europe into a technological re performance of the toutonic Knights conquest of the old Pagan Baltic and also the American conquest of the western united states with these colonists bravely settling this land and then both dominating and uh fighting with a arrestive native population, but that is just a uh, it's a chimera for the deeper desire, which is anniholation, because that thing is not stable, it cannot be stabilized, absent solidarity. and so it cannot really produce a political imagination or politics geared toward conquering the questions of scarcity and technology and human social reproduction that are posed by a crisis capitalism. it is it is expanding until being stopped and that... stopping is is the moment that is being sought, and it is a death in the process of conquest and domination, it is fighting the battle of armagan, and that's who is in control of our political system right now, that's why a lot of people love to use the word fascism, i do not, because i really have at this point convinced myself that fascism is only useful to describe small white uh social crisis in conditions that are unique to interwar Europe. we still have this crisis of death drive in the small white population embedded always within capitalism, only in crisis is it exposed, but this crisis is not the same as the crisis of the 1920s and 30s. it is a crisis among a depoliticized post-mass politics. culture in which spectacle and observation and passivity have replaced uh political and social participation and so to use the word fascism is to assume a degree of social febrility and and potency that doesn't exist, but the the impulse is there and the drive to annihilate and to destroy the systems that we have is there too, and it is what the the liberals and the left and everyone is passively observing and freaking out about, because they are the only group of people in American politics who are able to assert an independent influence on political events. everyone else is reacting. and the reason they're able to act, the reason that they're able to do things that are just outside of the capacity, not not, not that they couldn't do them abstractly, but that they are unable to do them because of who they are, and and how the position they are in uh, textures and and shapes them into being people who just can't do certain things, the reason they can put passt lines and break through things is because they have an apocalyptic vision that is, as I said, positive to them, now as I'm saying, it's actually death. It's actually anniholation, it's it's actually uh fighting until dying, it's the warrior dream of the the Pagan cultures that provided the real social structure that Christianity and all these other ideas were just merely like placed on top of, like meaning is found in in the struggle and on the battlefield and and ecstasy and final communion come. in death through death with honor uh, but like it has its own positive fantasy, because we are allowed any fantasy we want, we can generate and maintain any fantasy we want, and there is a positive apocalyptic face to uh the small white political project, you see it when like poorer, more struggling uh q and on people talk about buse like yeah a lot of the Q and on people love to talk about it as this uh as the queue moment as as the the final overthrow of American democracy as the cleansing fire of righteousness but it is also going to bring about the end of uh the end of sickness because all of the cures that have been hidden from us by our rulers the end of a debt slavery a jubilee uh like they talk about it in the classic term. because not everybody in the small white coalition has the same conditions and at the edges there is a positive vision and so people can vote and push it forward at every level and believe that they are pushing for a a positive version of an apocalypse but understanding that they are seeking the end to a system and that they are able to do that unimped because because no other group of political actors in america has a positive vision of apocalypse. we see an apocalypse coming, but we can only imagine it in a as a process of material cataclysm and and death and decline because that spiritual element of it has been dissipated out of our ability to socially reproduce it. like you can see it with the... that ceiling, you can see it with so many issues, no matter how radical you are and how radical your anti-capitalism is, if you are someone who like ascribes to the broader concept of leftism in the United States, even if you hate the democratic party and you really do hate them and you really do want to see them defeated and you really do think you hate capitalism in the system we have, the pros the prospect of it actually breaking up, something actually. traumatically disruptive occurring is terrifying, only terrifying, there is no possibility of a light emerging from that struggle, so you end up finding yourself rooting for the democrats to keep a lid on everything, even if you don't think that the lid is good or that the thing we're keeping going is good, you are still terrified of anything else because you can only imagine it next. but the small whites can imagine a cataclysmic rupture positively and so they can play cards with a full deck and with both hands ontied and that means then that in this stasis that we're in where oh increasingly there is no place to go with deep political questions and economic questions, like look at the that ceiling thing, at the end they were unable to really move the ball in any way, they have that there is no even rhetorical ability to imagine a drastic change to public outlays or any of these big things, because all that money is spoken for by different interest groups that have a lock on a seat of the table, and they are and politics is now diving up those rents and distributing them. into to one group or another, so that is why the politics get increasingly frenetic, and this fantasy of just overturning elections and ending democracy as we know it becomes more acute, but only among those people who don't think they would lose from that confrontation. and that is partially due to blind faith and just a fully the propagandaized beliefs of people who have been pandered to by every major element of culture and politics and economics their entire lives. and are now only really freaking out because one part of that, what they see on tv, basically is no longer uh reflecting their values because they're old, and they are very pissed about that, and they are going to try to, they would be happy to bring everything down to stop that, they are the only people for whom that could be said, now of course, I must stress, what they're willing to do is just vote for increasingly - landish characters, they're not going to get in the streets, or not enough of them to do anything other than be a nuisance, we know that by now, we've seen it, people will come out for what they think are tailgate parties and that's it, and it's and and anything that would be more a dramatic, a more dramatic conflict with actual state power is something that they are simply not capable of, anymore than any other element of our depositicized, desocialized American population can. but they will vote for people who are more and more true believers who at more, more and more are willing to go farther than people before them and heighten contradictions and so like they and and only because they don't have a self-limiter that every other elected official uh everybody. and if there's going to be any more actors to emerge on the scene, it has to be people who have a positive vision of apocalypse, have an who can avion a situation when radical change is not simply misery and is not simply pointless carnage, but perhaps constructive and useful trauma that could be built from. problem is: the the the the uh the scared housebound types who make up the uh the cultural vanguard of a uh left-wing response to the current conditions have turned trauma into the worst possible thing to encounter instead of what it is the actual building blocks of not only civilization but individual personality and identity. and like what is a doomer? that's a doomer is somebody not who thinks that things are going to get worse because if you have eyes in your head that should be pretty obvious, it's somebody you who who thinks that that is the only thing that happens. that a general downward trajectory from one or two indices, like demographic changes are can only be collectively uh and accumulatively negative. so yeah, if you're if you're if you're accusing everybody of being a doomer. you got to ask yourself, well what is my horizon? like what, what do i see as uh as as a trial that leads to light rather than darkness at the end of a tunnel? because if you don't have one, i mean that's fine, you know, as i said, it's totally understandable to to think that we've extinguished the light you know within us and are now just playing out a string, i i don't agree with. that, but I understand how that conclusion can be drawn, but then you just have to accept that the only actors will be these people, everything else will be a a a reactive uh, a frantic reactive uh response to that to those actions, and a lot of it boils down to the fact that We have never really built in the west where you know we've been at the center of the process of capital accumulation, primitive accumulation that that then stands up these uh class uh class compositions that are treatie relationships, truces in a class war uh and and then generate culture based on those relationships, at that center, everyone but the most exploited and immiserated become uh to one degree or another uh personally invested in dynamics that are generated by modernity or post-modernity, wherever you find yourself, and so a threat to them appears existential, and faith in a positive apocalypse is hard to sustain. so yeah, i i would say i i i don't predict the future, i don't like doing that, but uh, the future of American politic politics i think in the near future is. It's going to be everybody, no matter what they think they're doing, no matter what they think their commitments are, reacting to this uh political project that has at its base the desire to bring everything down, and the question becomes, is the uh goal to prevent that or... is the goal to prepare for a alternate response to that? And those are personal questions as I have said. All right, let's do some cards. We've got a military asset. The M1A1 Abrahams tank. Uh, this guy sucks, compared to the M60, get it out of here. This guy is not nearly as elegant and cool. Very very unattractive, aesthetically unpleasing, it's it's sad that we don't uh, have a more, a cooler looking military, considering how much money we we uh, we spend on this shit, M1A1 Abrahams tank, powered by a revolutionary gas turbine engine, the M1A, the M1A1 is a heavy main battle tank with the speed and agility of a light armor vehicle. with 100, with 1,500 horsepower, the Abrahams can traverse flat terrain at 45 mph. rugged terrain poses no problems for its unique hydropneumatic suspension system, this literally sounds like it's a brochure at a defense expo. uh, the Abrahams was the stalwart of the operation desert storm ground attack, as i've said, the other one's cooler, the other main American battle tank is way cooler. manufacturer general dynamics. speed 41.5 mph max. excuse me, it says here in the copy 45 mph, that is a discretion, that is it, that's a problem. uh, range 269 miles, armament 120 millimeter gun, two 7.62 millimeter machine guns and one 50 caliber machine gun, crew four. All right, we've got military skill, grenich meantime, this is pretty funny, come on, uh, knowing what grenich meantime is is i guess a skill, I mean if if you, if you, if you can just look at a clock, I don't really know, is that a skill, looking at a clock, I got clock watching class. honestly they might be teaching people clock watching in the military at this point. grenich meantime university time or i'm sorry universal time or granite meantime is the time of day at the prime meridian 0 degrees longitude which runs through grenich England at 5 p.m. 1700 hours London England time it is noon $1200 in Washington DC USA and Toronto Canada and 3 am 0300 the next day in Sydney Australia. To avoid confusion, universal time is used as a worldwide standard for navigation and scientific purposes, called Zulu time by the US military. That's cooler, that sounds better than grenage meantime. This standard allows for the world. coordination of missions such as operation desert storm. of cour, i wonder how uh in the era of great, the era that we map, the century that we mapped the globe, they were like, where are we putting this thing? uh, how about England? how about indeed sir? we've got radar operators, there's radar operators, we just got the M1 abrams, it literally just happened, it just happened, uh, whether they are flying high above the grounds in clouds and awax surveillance aircraft or were located on the ground at fix air radar sites, radar operate radar operators graphically illustrated their importance on the electronic battlefield during operation desert storm. "the men and women of the US army, navy and air force who pinpoint the enemy or monitor air traffic on their radar screens prove to be invaluable in modern warfare. I'm sure that's what they tell themselves. What did you do in the war? I was looking at a screen, cool. Right, obviously, but why is the why is the Grenich observatory where they're making time calculations? It's all connected, it's like the eye opened up. Saron's eye opened up in like around 19 1850 in in England, they they've been doing a cult rituals for hundreds of years to open Satan's eyeball and anus so that they can peer across the globe and at itself, they created a an emptiness, a hollowness at the center of their social structure and their and their belief that the liberal capitalist ideal which... from the actual meaningful zone of human action, any sense of uh commitment, responsibility to anyone else, which is god, that is what religion historically is, it is a ritual reinscribement of obligations, and that means things you have to do day to day in your life. and and and uh British political economy of the 19th century on top of the machine of industrial cap uh colonial capitalism said no, everywhere that matters, there is no obligation to anyone else, and so they created a emptiness, a vacuum at the center of their world that was. eventually filled as all vacuums are, because there is spontaneous emergence from nothingness, we know that, that's how we have life on earth, and the spontaneous thing that emerged at the empty heart of British political economy, is the uh self-aware algorithm of profit as God. Here we go, we've got government, United Nations sanctions, oh don't we love the sanctions that the United Nations drop, we love it when the UN throws some sanctions out there, uh, prior to operation desert storm, the UN called for sanctions only two occasions, embargos against southern Rordigia, now Zimbabwe from 1967 and an arms embargo against South Africa in 1977. The sanctions against Iraq were adopted by the security council in the form of resolutions. They prevented the transportation of commercial items by means of air, sea and land to and from Iraq. The purpose of the sanctions was to force Iraq to withdraw from Kuwait. That's nice cuz you've got this tradition now, it's like what, we're we're doing sanctions to stop apartide. That's basically the... same thing as uh saving our precious oil reserves in Saudi Arab in Kuwait. Yeah, the fact that there was like an actual global isolation of first Rudisia and then South Africa, is used a lot as evidence of that that there really is like global communism right? like. matter what we say, the actual goal of communism is this, are being pursued by our largest institutions, but you know that's because the reactionary who cannot... absorb the reality of uh moving through space dialectically and and they the dialectical nature of unfolding social development uh sees a twined phenomenon and flattens it into a single aspect that is judeo bolshevism, it's it's the fundamental analysis that says both our highest elites and our poorest are in a collision are in collusion together to destroy. who? those in the middle. but the reality is is that capitalism is the creation of a fully totalized system, and that is also the goal of communism, and they and the one emerges out of the other, but one of them has departed the world stage. uh, but anything that serves now, what is now a uh liberalizing, globalizing social agenda is identified with this non-existent communism, because the particularist small bourgeois resists the globalization of capital, even though that is the uh drive of capital, which is why another reason that the small whites can actually coherently oppose it and and seek destruction, because at a fundamental level, even though they were sustained by it and and generated by it, they are able to operate, with a conscious rejection of that relationship, because they have access to fixed local capital that allows them to bake their own reality, because that's what capital lets you do, capitalism lets you make your own reality, but only on capitalism's. That's not how it is observed and that's not is how it is processed by the people living within it, it's psychologized and particularized and pathologized and and the kernel and an assumption of autonomy is is preserved, but that is illusory, yes yeah those middle those middle men are on the long term a chopping block block because it's not a straight line, but it is a general push pull of humans into two great groups. it has not happened and it probably will not happen before the internal contradictions lead to a collapse, but it is a drive within it, and the small whites are driven by the belief that they or their descendants will end up on the wrong side of that sorting mechanism. unless they intervene to break it up, geography, Jordan, we got jordan, the old heshimites, heshimites, they were the uh, they were the the the tribe that the the British uh picked up plucked up to uh rule the whole place, but the uh the souls kick their asses out of uh, sorry. Arabia and then the brits and Americans had to make another deal with the saudis. the hash kingdom of Jordan. Jordan is geographically between Iraq and Israel in between Iraq and a hard place. Am I right? In the six days war of 1967, Israel captured the west bank of the Jordan River sending hund large numbers of Palestinians into Jordan. In 1971, King Hussein forced the withdrawal from Jordan of Palestinian Palestine Liberation Organization officials and troops Black September, I call it that, it's not the card, but that's what it was called. Uh, since the start of operation Desert Storm, Jordan has been pushing for a peaceful solution. Hey guys, can you chill, uh, geographic area, 37,297 square miles, population 4.1 million, languages Arabic and English, predominant religions, Islam and Christianity, there I guess there are Armenians there or something, Syrians, Assyrians also, Aman government type, constitutional monarchy, head of government, king Hussain the first. Yeah, the souds came barreling out of the desert with an army of religious fanatics, the salafists and just drove the heshimites uh, almost into the ocean and then uh, require and then made uh the west deal with them. and of course what happened, the the saudi uh elite uh, do they dedicate themselves to uh pursuing the salaphist vision of Islam? no, they'... they they uh commit themselves to hedenistic luxury, because that's what money does, that's what it does, it makes this, it lessens the sting of everyday life that religious visions and a religious conception of of time and value, are meant to alay, and so why do you need it, of course? that gap between the relatively suffering people at the base still have religious beliefs and the royal family which becomes eventually just hollowed out like the elites of any other any social order are over time by their access to luxury uh they realize oh shit we have kind of alienated ourselves here and the big wakeup call was the seasure of the grand mosk in 1979 right uh around the same time it's the fucking Iranian revolution and uh helped lead to this project of political Islam being exported and turned into a projection of Saudi State power uh and a way to vent the steam of pissed off young believers to give them new terrains to fight in and in this they were of course aided by the United States uh whose interest completely coincided on that point because it meant undermining secular socialist and nationalist political movements in the rest of the... Muslim world, it is true, the French saved the kaaba, a bunch of uh, a bunch of French foreign service guys, were uh brought to Mecca, they had to do a quicky conversion to Islam to be let into the city, and then they just sent him into the basement of the kaba to just merk all these guys, I think they smuggled in a bunch of wine too and got shit faced afterwards. All right, um, we've got the F-15 Eagle, oh, this, this was another archetypal fighter, like just a a very sharp uh, lines, crisp, aesthetically pleasing, way better than the gross ones we have now, capable of carrying a variety of air to air weaponry, the eagle is an extremely maneuverable tactical fighter designed to gain air superiority in any combat zone, that's right, think. a combat zone f uh 15 eagle, it will uh be extremely maneuverable in that situation, it can gain air superiority anywhere, in a vacuum where there's no air, it'll still get superiority. in operation desert storm, it was employed as a fighter cover for bombers and to engage enemy aircraft. it is powered by two turb turbofan engines with 23,830 lounds of thrust in each, that's a lot of thrust. the first Iraqi air aircraft shot down was hit by a sparrow missile fired by a USF15, so there were a few like half-ass gog fights during Persian golf, I think it's one of the last times we had any kind of real air to air combat in the US military. manufacturer, McDonald Douglas Cor, unless they're doing shit over ukraine that they're keeping quiet. uh speed Mac 2.5 max, range 2. 2,876 miles. armament 120 millimeter gattling gun, four sparrow missiles or eight aim t220as plus four side winder missiles crew won the sidewinder missile was a big deal in the 90s you don't hear about it so much anymore but the sidewinders and then it was the tomahawk cruise missile which you heard a lot about both of which have been largely made obsolete by drones. i think there has, i think there was some air combat between US and Russian forces or Syrian forces over Syria. not sure though, military asset, the USS Missouri or the end of World War II was officially declared, where they signed the surrender documents, uh, designation, uh, is that a b or an r? that's a b, b, I got to get fucking, I got to get goddamn bifocals, folks, it's over for me, bye-bye, BB63, Missouri one of four iowa class ships, which are the second largest battleships ever built, the USS Missouri saw action World War II, she was famous as the ship on which the Japanese signed their surrender in 1945, the US Missouri's 16-inch guns are the most awesome of her compliment of weapons and were used against Iraqi military targets in Kuwait. is long beach california, it is indeed the apomatics quarthouse of boats, displacement 57,350 tons full load, that's a big. length 867 feet, speed 33 knots, armament 916 inch guns, 12 si-inch guns with four phalinks, sewis, tomahawk and harpoon missiles, crew, 1,570, 40 marines, that's right, the last time to date that a naval uh, naval cannon has been used, you're saying, I would believe that. I like that, the 16 m, the 16-inch guns are the most awesome of her compliment, that's good, that's decent pros, well done, intelligent file, chemical and biological warfare, oh boy, put a pin in this one, this one's gonna come back to bite us all in the ass pretty hard, oh boy, yeah, chemical and biological weapons are frightening, but overrated threats to military personnel, don't worry about it. Oh yeah, I think I read this one before, it's it's basically pooing the idea that they're danger, which is very funny that we then went and had to invade Iraq to save us from this bullshit, because the nuclear case was always thin, it was the it was the... it was it's based on the the tubes which were that was a lie, the tubes were a lie and of course the uranium was a lie, the only real thing they had was some uh stuff from the 90s that maybe hadn't been destroyed and that's the only thing they found either, oh here we go, geography, the United Kingdom, hello, hello, hey batan, with the signing of the magna carter in 15, 12-15 England paved the way for modern democracies to exist, didn't they? during the 19th century, the United Kingdom as the most powerful kingdom had so many territories skattered throughout the world that the sun did not set on the British bloody Empire isn't it? the United Nations as a permanent seat on the UN security council and supply more than 50,000 troops and that turned australian there. 5000 troops in material for operation desert storm, get them off of the security. council, what are you doing, take away their nukes and take them off the security council? you're a fucking backwater, get out of here, good day, replace them with India, geographic area, 94,247 square miles, population 57 million, languages, english, welsh, galic, the welsh speak welsh, but does anyone speak what, scots scalic, i know they don't speak in northern ireland, predominant religions, out of instead of people were just doing it to be annoying, which I'm sure there are plenty of, like the fucking French in quebec. Predominant religions, anglizanism in Roman Catholicism. Islam is in there now, baby, get in there, get in there, islam, Hinduism too, capital, London, government type, constitutional monarchy, head of government, prime minister, Jordan Major. yeah, like shouldn't the shouldn't the security council be every country that has nuclear weapons, doesn't that make more sense? in that case, okay, fine, keep the England on, but then you bring on Pakistan, India and North Korea, I guess Israel too then, oh shit, they'd have to admit it though, the motherfucker, yeah, from what I understand, Gilick is really only still spoken in like the Dingle peninsula in southwestern Ireland, like a like a like a village full of guys are still chopping it up in galilic, and it's very funny because all... street signs are in both English and and uh gic and it's it's like a official language of EU and they teach it in schools but it's like once that once that uh bandade gets ripped off the sticky the sticky falls off you can't get it back on sorry i know I know you want to reclaim it so that you know you have some distance from your colonizers but it's just you guys were too good you guys took to the English language too well you guys you got to say that the Irish one forced. is speaking English did a really good job, and finally, we were talking about them earlier, but this is the kingdom of Saudi Arabia, our partner, our biggest partner in the Middle East, more important, I'd say than Israel in many ways, but now very interestingly, starting to break off, starting to recognize that the American project at this point is now at odds with the greater flourishing of world capitalism, like and that is honestly something that I find funny about the... people because people like they really have this article of faith that multipolarity means that socialism is going to be allowed to like emerge in these countries, but multipolarity is the end drive of capitalism, it does not want ultimately to be headquartered in any one nation state, it wants to dissolve all of these things, it can't do it yet, but that's certainly the drop. and the American state project of trying to prevent this from happening, which really was initiated with 9:11, we were kind of floating there after the um, after the end of the cold war, and then you had the clintonian, you know, right to protect global watchman fantasy, but that was just unsustainable, the only thing that is going to prevent the f the eventual dethroning of the United States from the... as headquarters of global capitalism is a assertion of American military power, not uh diplomatic power, because or economic power, because economic power is going to keep moving away, decentring from the United States, and the war on terror is this last throw of the dice similar to what Putin is doing in Ukraine to secure themselves, secure America's position relative to globalizing and that means that our clients are going to start over time having interests that become into greater and greater conflict with the American, America's interests, and that's what's happening with Saudi Arabia, and so now they're starting to smooch the Chinese, so yeah, multipolarity, the great Satanroned, good in many ways, you know, but not something that's necessarily going to lead to an efflorescence of socialism. the real question is whether the uh the declining powers that still have the ability to launch a nuke like Russia and like the United States are going to be able to be restrained from trying to hold on to their preeminence by any means necessary. That's the big question, I would like to do hearts of iron, uh, so I'm doing, I'm I'm currently doing research for a series on the Spanish Civil War that I will do later this year, and it'll be more like inimerated past than hell on earth, it's just going to be me, Chris is still recuperating because he did way more work on hell on earth than I did, but it will be scripted uh and not just off of the dome uh so it would be cool to do when that comes out heart of iron and try to maybe save the republic save the spanish republic but man i got to say that one was really they were pretty cooked you want to talk an overdetermined outcome very hard to imagine uh other than maybe if a the world war 2 had started in Europe earlier, which is by the end of the war, really was the only hope that the republic had, and they were kind of banking on it, they were sort of hoping that Europe wide war would break out and that would lead the that would force the democracies to ally with them against the fascist access, but in reality they kind of they were always going to be let out to dry because uh it was in the interest of the intervening countries the USSR and Germany to and Italy to sort of drag it out and not risk a confrontation in Spain uh and the western democracies were hell bent on just trying to ignore it and uh and uh placate the access as much as possible uh to avoid having to ally with the Soviet Union which they in England specifically really really did not want to do. It's very funny uh. Conservatives loved talking about uh Nevil Chamberlin and condemning the appeasement at Munich and the awful uh cowardliness of the British to fail to stand up to Hitler, but the reason they didn't do that, one of the significant reasons they didn't is not because they were lily livered or any of that bullshit, it's because to do so would have necessitated an alliance with the Soviets that they did not want to do, the French right. by the time of the invasion was saying, better Hitler than Bloom, or better Hitler than Stalin, and that was certainly the uh, the the opinion at Whitehall. so like what does that tell you you neoconservatives whose entire politics is wound up in this anti-communism? but they also had in certain assumption. is that there was a a point at which at which Hitler would take yes for an answer and he really did break all of the understood rules at that point in a way that they were not uh they're not ready for, but before that he really before he Hitler felt ready he really didn't want to go to war and he certainly didn't want to go to war over Spain and so they were happy to just sort of let it play out and that was going to inevitably lead. to the decline of the republic, so yeah, i'll see maybe, i don't know, when does heart of iron heart of iron start? because if you're going to beat, if you're going to win the spanish civil war as the republic, what you need to do is act first, you need to act first. which, as I've been saying, is what liberal democrats can never do in crisis. Liberal democrats are incapable of acting first, and the working class in Spain was too divided against itself between anarchist and socialist wings to act first, and the anarchists were too allergic to the institutions that could have allowed them to actually plan a action, other than provocation. and so everyone was just waiting for someone to do something and that was always going to be the army and then that's who it was. you can do what Vicky to uh confed players do and put all your armys and armys and industries in republican spanish areas. the funny thing is is that when the rising failed and the the country was divided into two sections, all of the industry was in the republican section. the the national. basically got agricultural territory, they got very few of the bigger cities in the country and very little of the to the degree that there was any industrial base in Spain at that point, which was very little, was not there, it didn't matter, once once uh non-intervention had the fiction of non-intervention had been agreed upon by the by the allies by the uh bourgeois democracies, then it was just going to be a matter of time before before uh German and Italian Aid was going to tip the scales which it it did very early they couldn't have gotten the army of Africa across the straight of Gibralter without the aid of uh German ar airplanes. but the thing about the anarchist, the old CNTFAI is that it's leaders such as existed and its organs of power were reflecting a simple reality, which is that the they represented people who did not want to go through the uh spink. of modernity making, they didn't want to be socialized into a proletarian subjectivity, and they and because of the relative lack of development in Spain up until that point, there were enough of them were able to access things like mass media, newspapers, literacy, guns, that they could actually make a... on those terms and say no, rather than accept modern class subjectivity and then move through it the way that the marxist oriented parties of in the rest of Europe were able to do. i think really more than anything that is the damnation of anarchism is that it cannot be a political actor and If you cannot set the term of events, set the context, you maybe can win, but you are most of the time going to lose. but in in Spain it could be no it could have been no other way because how do you convince some fucking araganese farm worker you know who's who works half maybe like uh two times a year and is at the total uh prostration of some landlord or or someone who's has moved to uh Catalonia to work in the textile industry and and it only experiences modernity as this wrenching away and is this immiseration and and degradation, how do you how do you get them to be like, no trust me dude, it gets better, I honestly feel like both the anarchists and the communist got owned in the Spanish Civil War, and it really doesn't make sense for either side to point. had it as an example of why they were right about anything, because yes, obviously the anarchists were unable to defend their own revolution, that's an indictment, but once the communist got what they wanted, which is central authority of the military and a uh militarized command and a uh controlled and uh domesticated like revolutionary process uh in the cities uh they fucking got their asses kicked, they they tried to they tried to fight like a like a conventional military and they had a bunch of set piece offensives, all of which went the exact same way, they gained some ground, but they couldn't push any farther because they didn't have enough fucking trucks and then they would wait around for the counter attack that would inevitably drive them back uh even further than their original position and destroy a bunch of men and material in the process. I mean, there was no uh, there was no winning hand there, because what you didn't have was what you had in the Soviet Union, which was massive concentrations of workers. in the the the few major uh urban areas, you had uh light level of industrialization that was concentrated largely in Catalonia and the Bask country, all of the most advanced industry was in the north in places that were dominated politically by bass nationalism and not by socialism. and of course she didn't have a lenin. the closest thing they had was the guy that they tried to call the Spanish Liven Largo Cabilero, but he proved himself completely incapable of seasing the moment because there was no uh moment to sease, the the tendrils like when when Lenin showed up at the Finland station and reached his hand out to grab at the uh the sinues of the bolshevic party, they extended outward into... hugely powerful armed concentrations of soldiers, sailors and workers in huge industrial uh factories that abudded teaming uh working class neighborhoods, but I do think it's interesting that who, I say the army acted first to bring everything back around to the... just as we hit an hour, but it wasn't really the army with large, it wasn't everybody in the army, obviously, the the enlisted men and the conscripts and like legionaires and stuff, they did mostly what they were told one way or the other depending, they they acted depending on where they ended up, and the top levels, the generals, not that many of them were involved in the planning of the of the... uh rising uh and a minority of them declared for uh the nationalists, it was who the middle strata, it was the majors and the colnels and the captains, that's the that is in capitalism, in any capitalist structure, that is where agency rests. The ability of the socialist to act first was the result of this unique circumstances of of Russia in crisis and and and specifically of the front collapsing and the big cities of Russia being filled with demobilized but still armed former peasant soldiers. Who could be yoked to a disciplined central party organization? But of course it was also the uh the urban middle class that formed the backbone of the Republic. which means that they were the most impodent of every group, held hostage to events, forced to uh very quickly uh give over control of the of the war effort and the state increasingly to the communists just because they were organized and knew what the fuck they wanted. Okay, there we go, don't fear the reaper, I guess is all I can say, because all our time has come, bye.