 a hungry feeling came army steeling and the mice were fiming in my prison cell and the old triangle went jingle janle along the band. rings of the royal canal, male prison, there's 75 women, and all among them, I wish I can dwell, and the old try. wood jingle, wood janle all along the banks of the royal canal, all along the banks, oh the royal canal, how are you folks, how's it going, so if anybody might remember this, ago back when we had the office in New York, I had uh somebody has sent us this set of desert storm trading cards and uh we just emptied out the office and we mailed everything out here and I got them, I was actually thinking like a week ago how fun and delightful the desert storm trading card set is and how much I wish I could open it because there's a ton of these barely open any of them uh and boom now I have them, I have them, I have like a whole thing of these. It's awesome and it's such a wonderful uh, it's a wonderful time capsule of like the end of history, like when when American Hegemy was first solidifying into uh like a enduring cultural reality that persisted uh until I would say what date would i put it on, when did we get? up on American hegemony maybe when o bungler got elected 2008 crisis yeah Iraq had already been sort of accepted as a failure by that point and then you had the economic clash on top of that yeah 2008 so we we had like a live cultural assumption of end of history I would argue an American gemity even after 91 because the war on terror is an attempt to respond to the specific traumatic event of 91 by pushing post cold war American egemone into the realm of military domination and outside of the realm of you know uh economic control through the reserve currency and things like that which as we are now seeing is vulnerable uh if you've got rising powers to deal with uh which was going to be an inevitable response to uh result of the end of the communist uh uh block, but we were going to fight it, we were going to put our fucking feet down into the middle east uh, we're going to put a boot up everyone's ass, and we were going to extend American territorial control over the most important strategic resource and the real backer of currency in the post uh uh resources right where it came out, which really doesn't, it has nothing to do with like a specific actor within the world oil market getting it, like that was the blood for oil thing that was fast and that a lot of matthew glacius type slugs like to make fun of. oh, you doing, they think they're doing this for Chevron? no, of course not, it's a fungable resource. the question is, what are the political institutions that are going to exist where it gets? out of the ground, that's that actually matters as we're seeing, like deciding where it's a fungable resource, but deciding who gets it at what price is still something that can't be uh... planned for and is planned for by OPEC and OPEC's situation is different if the US military backs directly your puppet regime through military occupation. But of course that was you know not the original idea, the George HW Bush idea that the that the uh Persian Gulf War was a set piece to present to the world, I think there was a good best way to think about it. would not have America taking over the Middle East, it would have America as the chief enforcer of a global economic order that benefited America, maintaining that system, and sure, you know, the rising tide, raising all boats, wink-wink, as they liberalize their economies, wink-wink, but the US wouldn't have to stomp the army all over the place. but we soon found out, oh no, this thing's a lot ricky, more ricky than we thought it was, and America's centrality to the global capitalist economy was getting to the point where it was conflicting with the greater health of the organism, and when that happens to when you have a conflict between the self-interest of the national host organ for global capitalism and the world economic order, the world system. you get a removal of uh headquarters from one country to another, from the Netherlands to uh the UK to the United States, and we are at the point that the UK was in by the 20s and that the Dutch were in by uh, at least by the 1700s. but we like them are fighting it and we fight them the way that at the end all fighting comes down to actual armies in the field and that is why we're probably going to fight the Chinese and make them take it from us instead of peacefully handed over the way that the Dutch and the English did and it might just come down to cultural difference you know could it just be that like the... Dutch could hand over the rains to the English and feel like well we're going to be taken care of by that arrangement and the British could certainly feel like especially after we saved their ass world war one because that we they owed us enough money that it was in our interest to see them win uh they were happy to turn it over to us but can we turn it over to China which is not part of our uh you know cultural heritage our linguistic uh uh background you know. and yeah it's like does that mean proxy wars? i don't know, i don't know if the us can really afford, and i don't mean that with monetarily, i mean kind of in every sense, culturally, politically, uh, to do proxy war anymore, i i i feel like uh, or um to um to do proxy war with China anyway, because the withdraw from Afghanistan stows that there is no remaining stomach for any troop deployment of any size anywhere and you know your proxy wars eventually draw in your side uh, so I think they're just going to end up going in both boots first without even. having a proxy war uh intermediary, like the US can fight a proxy war with Russia, for one part because they're able to destroy russian direct Russian military assets in Ukraine, whereas they don't have to risk you know US personnel, that's a huge like that's just free money from uh. from a geostrategic standpoint to draw that out as long as possible, but that's because Russia isn't really a threat to anybody, I mean we've we've hyped it up and turn it into a boogy man in this country precisely because of its relative weak position, because it's reassuring to imagine that it's just the Russians we have to worry about. China's a different story, like China is the big bad behind the whole thing, China is. the US is strategic nemesis, even though our economies are and our political and economic systems are essentially uh integrated like compared to any past uh uh political and economic orders that have existed on earth related and and you compare their the relationship between the political and economic systems of different countries uh if you had the sort of interconnectivity that the US does with China you would look at it and you'd say oh that's one organism we would have a school of thought that says this is best referred to as one thing and of course you have nerds on the other sand saying actually I think that they're distinct enough but the... It would be on the table that these are essentially the same political uh uh, this is the same political economy, and yet we're in a real trajectory towards armed conflict, which is insane and and madness, but madness is at the root of the rationality of western capitalist technological liberalism, it is, it is a rational, rationality of of a crisp. uh, reinforcing, and this is the most important part, uh, uh, effectively utilized rationality, a rationality that can be weaponized and directed towards uh scientific and technological advances that give you like real force multipliers is a social organ, this is a rational order that affirms for everyone within it, its usefulness every day by its fruits, it's built out of fundamental irrationality. that there can be uh, that there can be a non-holistic relationship between the members of the human species and members of the human species and their bio, and that means at the end of capitalism, what do you have? you have one knitted together global social, political, economic organ, a media uh uh machine a supply chain that operates throughout the entire globe. using global standards and an agreed upon legal framework to transact trade relationships, this is the dream of any communist, but instead of that machine working towards the benefit of the people and uh and lives within it, it is tearing them apart destroying them and driving everything against itself, including the two biggest economies with this machine, the two biggest nodes of production and and uh, and administration, and instead of recognizing that common interest, they're going to blow each other up, and this is I've pointed out many times, you can't get out of the American politics and say, no, no, no, there's some strand of meaningful American politics that is free of this death drive, this capitalist death drive, because we've got two main parties. in this country, all political activity, cultural uh output and effort is in the back backdraft of these two parties and they are both committed in the medium turn to stepping up military conflict with China, and they have a retoric and a political language that they uh cultivate among the American people that is premised on uh escalating conflict with China. and even if it's cynical is here's the thing, it could be 100% cynical for most of these guys, they'll be like, of course we can't go to war with China, that's insane, but you know, a million COVID dead, completely dysfunctional American political system, collapsing life expectancy, like a real sense of Malay's beyond Malay's, like Malay's uh comes from at least like a contented morass, like this is grid. in panic conditions, this is a car stuck on train tracks and you can hear the fucking the goddamn chooo coming and there's no way that we could directly relate directly address any of the fundamental causes of this because those causes are intertwined with our power, so what does that leave us with? it really just... leaves us with China, and the thing is though, this is where it gets really interesting how that how this mirrors itself and how both parties generate the same psychological universe with the same rogue's gallery, the same emotional language and tener, they just are expressed differently, but by the same people, who are been turned by geographic dis uh difference into these terrifying uh chimers of one another and they strike. and attack while not recognizing the their underlying unity, so you've got the the the GOP obviously, yes war with China, based anti-imperialist. Tucker Carlson hugely uh uh a China hawk and that is why I don't need to hear anything else about Tucker Carlson's fucking bonafides as an anti-imperialist as a guy who talks about socialism or a guy who talks about um the working class and some abstract sense if you are on if you are down with China hawkishness that means you are fundamentally about ascribing the organic problems of the American political system and the contradictions embedded within them for... an outside boogie man, that's it, everything flows from that, and that means it's all bullshit, it is a fountain of bullshit, it is a fucking volcano of bullshit if that's the where it starts from, so pay no mind list from the jump there, but of course as war with China means nukes, everyone understands that, so that is why I think a lot of these people are cynical and they're just find trying to find somebody to blame, but we have to have some sort of hot theater or potentially hot theater. where we can kind of get off a little bit on like the the military part of of um identifying psychologically with the hegemon which is what we're all doing in the political space is pretending larping as the god America you know as as this as this insanely powerful force in the world and for the GOP that's the the the secondary villain who can be attacked militarily is of course Mexico so now you've got. this new uh emerging idea among the uh based internet right that we need to go to uh war with Mexico and it's now getting onto Fox News and stuff like that spreading to the old people now the democrats also at the end of the day have China is the big bad China is the thing we have to confront but again you need a smaller uh enemy who you can directly confront and for them for the gen democrats, it's Russia, and so the republic the democrat, republican fantasy of how to deal with our sublimated war with uh, our sublimated conflict with China that we cannot consumate without annihilating ourselves, we fantasized about securing the border with an epic based, like we we create a bunch of like Glanton's raiders of guys on golf carts to go down with letters of mark and scalp uh sinaloa cartel guys, play with that toy. play with that shootoy, and the democrats have their little war in uh fucking Ukraine that they get to they get to treat like a little terrarium and they get to check in on and oh look oh look oh it looks like the Ukrainians have uh retaken small gorsk it looks like the stoganoff belt is in Ukrainian terr hands now uh justice for the 2016 election will be at hands justice for Hillary will be at hand. but it's all, it's all just a cover, a way to dance around the uh, the death drive towards war with China, which is of course sitting on top of the deeper and even more unaccessibly remotely subconscious, but known uh abis of radical, accelerating climactic change and the domino effect of result of uh impact that'l have on... every other element of society, none of this can be directly confronted, so it is sublimated, we sublimate the the climate anxiety into uh our war with our war for control of a like the world stage as if that's a thing that you know you can even imagine is going to exist for too long in the future and then turn that into a theater of blood. that you can prance and splash around in. so yeah, uh, it's amazing how much ink and mind mind power is spent debating the relative usefulness of uh one pundit or another in. oh uh they're spreading this message you know and nobody on the left is really doing that if their framework is we have to stop all this woke nonsense so we can face the real enemy China you're not getting to any critique of capitalism there that can be uh operationed on uh that can be operated from that can turn into a a policy that a party might uh endorse you are tailing a political party that that's very nature refuses all class critique in its uh policy proposals like it won't. survive the process of moving from raw votes to uh candidates and and um elected officials through the legislative process which is dominated not by the the wielders of raw votes, but by the wielders of coordinated and self-conscious dollars. so that should hopefully free you from like feeling like you need to have an opinion on if when Tucker Carlson gets fired, you don't, you can pay none of this any mind, because it is only when you deny the chinese scapegoat vent that you can actually. zone in on and uh uh triangulate towards actual causes, identify actual phenomena and then build responses through policy to those realities. What if China attacks Taiwan? Very good question. I don't really think that they need to attack Taiwan. There's actually been a significant movement towards raproachment with the people's Republic - in Taiwan. I believe like the KMT aligned party, the party that uh emerged out of Chankai Sheck's regime, the uh dope. smuggling uh warlords who got kicked out uh in 48 i believe correct me if i'm wrong uh the party that like is the relic of their military hunter that took over and massacred the formosons uh in in like the 50s they're now the relative china doves. so you know the same way that there is uh a peace faction uh right, the camt was always about reunification, but for a long time they sort of assume they could reunite on their terms and now they're realizing that they can't, it's gonna be on the uh, it's gonna be on the uh chinese communist parties uh terms. they i don't think they really there's no need, like uh, given the way that Putin himself conceived of the problem of ukraine, like you can argue about whether his take on it was accurate or not, but i do think that his view of Ukraine made war the only outcome, and that is the large part because we pushed him in that direction, he still made the decision and it was a bad one and all that, it was a disastrous decision, it's awful, no one is getting any benefit from the war in ukraine, it's just misery for misery sake, although people in the world are benefiting on both sides, fucking nazis are rampaging everywhere, it's disgusting, it's awful, everybody responsible for it uh, is a fucking criminal, and that means of course the United States for extending fucking NATO, of course the United States for sabotaging Zelinski's peace initiative, because he got elected on a peace platform, he got elected on let's talk to the Russians and then once in office the fucking the nazis and the plutocrats who actually run that country. for us gangster checked him and then we sabotaged uh convers but then fucking Putin took the bait but why? because for him Ukraine it's the the life blood of of Russia is is oil that's it they're a petro state they're like a Soviet they're just a buffed up Saudi Arabia uh and it's literally bleeding out of them through Ukraine it's like a fucking stiletto. so you're just bleeding out through ukraine uh because he sees the zero sum game of power politics in the in the uh shadow of America's failing hegemony and he recognizes like if we don't if we're giving anything to them then they're going to use it to turn us into every other failed state that is eventually brought low for the uh having the... temerity to challenge America, and this is on the base of a very weak Russian economy and a very poor Russian population, and it just it's it's a country that has a... lot, it's shitty, it's a shitty country, and we had a lot to do with that, but it is uh, it's shitty in a way that China isn't, because even though there's is much, there's probably worse absolute poverty in China than there is in Russia, there is a trajectory away from it, whereas Russia is just this stagnant pond, and you're getting this like hugely enretched ruling class, everyone else is a missing, they're us on steroids, they're us further along in the process that we're on, like we're experiencing our early 90s freefall. the very beginning of it, like we're like 1986, 87 on the trajectory that the Soviet Union was on, so with a declining power, but all these missiles and this huge military, and you got this bleeding wound in Ukraine, I have been to Russia, I've been to St. Petersburg, once, I wasn't there very long, uh, then you feel like you are forced to make uh... make that move, you can try now and maybe secure a better position for yourself by like flexing your muscles and going where they wouldn't think you would, and establishing a new baseline, kind of the way that the US thought they were gonna do with the Iraq war, but if you don't and and maybe you won't, maybe it'll fail, maybe you're fucked, but the thing is from Putin's perspective, he's fucked anyway, going to war gives him the chance. to get unfucked, whereas not going to war is equals fucked. China is not in that situation with Taiwan. China ha has no existential fear of Taiwan, not even, I mean remaining what it is, because that's the thing, like it's it's relationship is not uh, is not in flux the way that uh Ukraine seem to be in flux towards like NATO membership, you know. and the reason the soviets never got to where they needed to be, somebody just reminds this, they say Russia should have done more technology transfers seriously, but they were always behind the eight ball technologically, and they still did amazing stuff with what they had, they went to the fucking moon for or they went into... space first for god sakes, it's insanely impressive what they did, what like a decade out of being completely bombed to shit and destroyed by the Russians, it's or the nazis, it's astounding, but they had to spend so much money on the fucking military because we were making them that they were, they were locked into a technological underdevelopment. so yeah, I think that uh, obviously China imagines in the in the in the long-term they're gonna get Taiwan back, I think that probably will happen, I think depending on, it's really going to depend on situation in the United States, the political stability of the American nation state that is going to determine the uh the the Taiwan uh endgame, because if we are you know... stable, I think there is a world where we can talk our way to a integration of Taiwan into China on the model of the integration of Hong Kong into China. I think that is doable, for the Taiwanese in the long-term, for the Chinese in the long-term, it's doable. It's a question of whether we would accept that or not. and at a certain point, i think it is more likely that the US essentially precipitates intentionally a Taiwan uh crisis rather than response to just the unilateral chinese invasion of taiwan the way that Russia invaded Ukraine, that is uh more likely to me, and that is the point where... like everybody knows you can't go to to war with China, but if the choice is go to war with China or the complete and immediate end to everyone's position of power within a structure, then maybe you get into the Putin's point where you're like, I might lose if I go to war, but I definitely lose if I don't, that's where Putin is now, that's where we are probably going to get in the future relative to China and specifically Taiwan. and yes we did i just said we we precipitated the Ukraine invasion and I said that from Putin's point of view he didn't feel like he had a choice I'm also saying that that is wrong and stupid, and it's the problem with political structures that end up uh just being manifestations of one person's newrosis. so back to these guys, the... thing we're talking about that seems to be reaching a critical stage, the post cold war attempt by the United States to hold on to it's artificially uh no i guess artificial no longer efficient, counterproductive, how about that, counterproductive headquartering of global capitalism because the thing is, yeah it's moving to China, but ideally it would eventually move away from any one nation state, on the long term it would eventually... dissolve into the global bloodstream capitalism, i think that's what the fucking uh bitcoin people think, blockchain and cryptocurrency will get us to, but it's it's not going to be any technological change, it's going to be capitalism moving through stages and its relationship to the nation state as a form of power projection, because for the im for the future, for the for the current moment in the near future, the nation state is still a critical element within capitalism. as much as we talk about how corporations of undermined state functions and the state has been sort of uh gutted uh it's ability to enforce legal frameworks is still necessary for capitalism to work and it has to for now be capital capitaled somewhere. eventually though you would, if everything doesn't collapse and there's a nuclear war or whatever, you would have a decentralized capitalism. we're not there yet or anywhere close, so instead there is the migration to the... new uh functional headquarters, because the United States can no longer function as a headquarters of capitalism, look what it is done with its power, look what it's done with its military, look what it's done with its power of uh sanction, look what it's done with it central banking policy, everybody is insanely pissed at the United States right now for what they're doing with the central banks and now with the ira uh We have worn out our welcome, we don't know how to function for the greater good of the whole organism. China has this party structure that has harnessed its uh economic structures in a way that the United States political system cannot do, and in a future of crisis, which is what the 21st century is, then that kind of say capacity is necessary at the center of... power, but we're going to fight it because we built the thing, and we see in our loss of it, centrality, our self-destruction, because we cannot imagine a life without the material comforts that have defined American identity, treats in snarky short term, shorthand. the ira stuff that pissing off the Europeans is that the US the IRA changed the way that the US subsidizes electronic vehicle production and it allows for direct subsidy not through intermediaries and that is something that the EU has resisted doing you know largely because they've got the fucking Germans in charge of their central bank and they are allergic to inflation in a way that Americans. art and so now the US uh uh EV sector is completely behind the apell here relative to the America one and they are pissed and yeah like there is there is a hope to find some they call it multilateralism but multilateralism is is this is summer of 1914 multilateralism is good for nobody including capitalism you you need for the... for the moment the continued uh headquartering of a global economic system. i mean uh macron has now been like making noises that the the french anyway are looking more to the chinese than to us and part of them is him just trying to play degal buse you got remember that the French have this reputation, this self uh conceived uh idea of themselves as the cool European country that did not become an American colony after World War II, the way. that all the other cucks in NATO did, and they would flex their power by you, like going all out on nuclear, in a way that the other uh, coast war countries were freaking out about buse of their appetite for uranium, and also degal pulling out of NATO at one point, french exception, because the French are the Americans of Europe, way more than the British are. Jared harris, i haven't gotten that one before, lane price from madmen, the son of Richard Harris, I'll take it, he's a snack, I'll take that comparison, somebody else said it, I didn't say it, but it's because we had the revolutions, it's because... US and the French both had uh populist in some way democratic revolutions against the remnance of feudalism in the 8 in the 17th century, of course you know the English did it earlier, they did it so early that it still had the vocabulary of religion around it, it was still thought of by the culture itself as a religious war, which meant that as religion receeded uh from the public sphere. uh the impact, the memory of that war sort of faded with it, but as, as the enlightenment dawns and as as bourjois nationalism trumps the old feudal order all through Europe, it's US and France were like creating those national identities, those specific sort of national identities that have a sacred nationalism where the the religious element has been secularized and pulled out of the confessional Christian realm and turned into a quasai ethnic sort of linguistic ideological identity so that... why the french are the Americans of Europe for totally different reasons, the turks are the Americans of the Middle East, you might say, what about Israel? Israel is just the United States, it's not the of of anything, it's just a gangrinous uh growth, it's like if the villages detached from Florida, floated across the Atlantic, went through the the uh straights of Gibralter and then just fl. across the the mediterranean and just got lodged next to uh lebanon. there is no such thing as not worshipping. fact, that was why the the turned towards new atheism among internet young people and like younger, more educated culture at large in the early uh 21st century, was a complete disaster, and i i say that to somebody who of course. participated in some way with that general sentiment, but that really was like, instead of being some sort of rational response to America's religious insanity, it became a deepening of that insanity, and saying saying, instead of like, yo, your your version of God is this cramped neurotic projection of yourself, and that like god is something. far more vast, multifarious, mysterious, alien than anything that can be so right knightly, so tightly packed into a political identity, instead you're just saying, no, uh, there's nothing but this material realm, pure rationality is the only revealer of truth, and it's like, no, it's the ultimate distorter and and obscure of truth, and the proof of that is what we are doing to the goddamn planet. in in our belief, in our irrational, religious belief, in our own rationality, we're going to do a global suicide bombing, we're doing it, and why are all those guys reactionalries now, because it was never a uh, it was never a response to, class exploitation or or or the capitalism as such, the real generatotors of any problem, it was this cultural revulsion towards people who were coded as less educated, it was a way to distinguish oneself from the American herd, and also from the repulsive musulman, the the vile Muhammadians, and I got to say like this current moment as monstrous as it feels, I have to say culturally. i prefer it and what's around in it to that bush era which was just the most radioactively dead cultural uh soil that has existed i maybe ever in the United States. it was a it was a bonaville salt flat. it was a, it was a uh ecstatic uh self- lobotomizing like people. chewed their own, they somehow found a way to get their teeth up into their uh, into their brains and just chewed away their frontal lobe. I mean, yes, the 90s was arid, but uh, it had nothing on the leaden and thoughtless uh, conformity of the Bush era, like yes, 90's extreme culture is of course lauffable and embarrassing now, but it it was compared to the Bush. "it was positively vibrant, yeah, you could still vistigally transgress, you had like the fucking gen, you had gen x, you had - the slacker, you know, you had this persistent counterculture that was totally politically defangeed and uh depressed because it had arrived just as history was ending." uh, but it was still a counterpoint, that counterpoint got totally obliterated in that post-bush era, you really did, even though the internet existed and like you could you, read blogs and stuff, and you could, you know, you had friends and there were zens, you still felt like you lived in occupied territory, anywhere you went, thank you for reminding me, so let's go back to the beginning of when this hair all starts, i love the good, i love a good... periodization and I would say that the most important dates of post war America are 1947 is the year among other things that the taft Heartley Act is signed and passed over the veto of President Trump. uh the other uh 1980, the election of Ronald Ryan uh and uh 1991, the fall of the Soviet Union, uh, the desert storm, and then of course 2001, then 2008, 2016, now what you'll see. that they keep coming faster, why is that? buse that's that's how you chart a uh crisis, that's how you chart the deepening of a fundamental crisis within a system. oh, rapid, disruptive, traumatic events are happening faster and faster. time wave, thank you, tera. so this thing began with dreams. a brave new world, bush himself said it, he didn't care what people were going to think about it, he didn't even, it even occurred to him probably that anyone could do that, because to him it was self-evident this new world was going to be best for America, broadly understood, because that's the thing about guys like Bush is they believe their own bullshit to a certain degree, like America is the best country, and if the people in America are having in aggregate the best time, then all is right with the world, and you know that's he probably viewed the center of America as a bunch of farm animals. but he did think that American lead global imperium would be a good way for farm animals to live, it would be good conditions, they would be like wague, but of course people living on the other side of that experience, they heard brave new world and they freaked out, and we had a whole culture around venerating this, we turned it into baseball cards. and what's so amazing about the Iraq war the Gulf war is that and it was does make you think about 911, it was not the Bush administration responding to events and being like, oh cool, let's go with this. that does describe most events, it's not the US doing something and precipitating something and then through a plan, it's a thing happens and the US puts it to their best uh advantage because they have the power to, but in the Iraq war case you have a situation where the US was in a position to interpose itself between Saddam and the Kuwaities, they were in a position to draw red line for Saddam diplomatically and even push him and the Kuwaities. towards some sort of deal, that deal could have involved, among other things, the Kuwaiitis laying off on the money that Saddam owed them, uh, for oil, or I'm sorry, for loans that he had taken out during the Iran Iraq war, you have debt relief, uh, some sort of uh uh profit sharing in disputed zones, it could have been worked out, instead, what the US did through its Iraqi ambassador, April Glasby, is they went to Saddam and they said him point blank in the face, we have no interest in your dispute with the Kuwaities, it is not an American priority, it is up to you to resolve, and then he resolved it by invading Kuwait, and then we decided we had our fucking our new globalist crusade. classic bit of entrapment. okay, so what did it get us? it got us this beautiful moment. Of course, what's amazing about it is that it didn't even get George Hw Bush a second term, that's what's so stunning, and that does really remind you that the usefulness of propaganda as propaganda for narrow political purposes is pretty limited, like if you can pull off the Iraq war, this like monument to a setup, monumental setup and pull it off perfectly, and then because you have a three-month economic downturn at the... wrong moment, 18 months later, you're out on your ass for some hillbilly fucking carnival barker, some snake oil salesman shit kicker, some upjumped fucking uh red neck to take your shit, some fucking hippy, that guy who was it's like oh yeah uh Bill Clinton met JFK when he was a kid because he was such an exceptional young man, bitch, I killed JFK, and then he's bounced on his ass, oh, I do mean new world order, I shouldn't have said brave new world, sorry, but he got bounced on his fucking ass, but the system persisted, because it's beyond any one uh figure even a figure as uh strategically valuable as George Hw Bush. Okay, so let's see what we got here in this deck, we have a military asset. a warbird, the mig 23 flogger, this is uh, presuming an iraqi aircraft, the US did not fly migs, uh, the mig is the uh, that's looking like it's out of focus, the mig is of course a Russian aircraft, Russia outfitted a lot of the uh bath regimes in the 70s and 80s, so let's see about this, this the uh... the mig flogger, flogger, was frogger taken, you could, what, what the fuck is that? all right, here we go, an important aircraft in the Iraqi air force, the micanyan mig 23 flogger is the second most numerous 90 jet fighter in the Iraqi inventory, the variable sweep wing add to the aircraft's versatility for multi-mission operations, some versions can carry a variety of armament or a host of. depending on whether the mission is air to air or air to surface, here it is, it's manufactured by Mikayan Grvovic, speed is Mac 2.4, range is 435 miles, armaments, this is always fun, one twin barrel 23 mm gun, two apex and four, afid, surface. air to air missiles crew one with an optional technical seat. All right, uh, I'm assuming we didn't really have any dog fights during the uh Iraq war, they mostly probably just shot those guys down, uh, they just like strafe them while they were still grounded. How many dog fights have America's fourth and fifth gen fighters ever been in? Is the answer zero? There were a few notable uh dog fights, I would like to hear them, if anyone has any... modern uh dog fights of note, i would like to hear, and yeah, shooting down a balloon doesn't count, here we go, military asset, fighting ship, the USS England, CG22, here we go, USS England, Serbian 99, didn't they just shoot down, wasn't that just the serb shot one down and that guy had to like be rescued, and then they made a Owen Wilson movie, inspired by it. All right, the most recent air, thank you Dank bloke, the most recent air to air kill scored by an American aircraft came in 2017, when a US Navy fa-18e super hornet shot down a Syrian flag SU22 as it bombed American back Syrian democratic forces in the raca province of Syria. Holy crap, so we actually had a fucking air to air dog fight kill against Assad. Wow, we really did uh go for it there. It's like, yeah, the Obungler didn't invade, but he did everything short to keep them from like cooing him. Okay, the USS England, positioned in the Persian Gulf during operation Desert Storm, the Lahi Class, the Jim Lahi Class cruiser, USS, England was part of the squadron of ships surrounding the large Missouri and Wisconsin battleships, her complement of weapons includes anti-ship missiles and anti-submarine rockets. The cruiser's presence was a deterrent in surface assault by the... iraky navy, home of the England is San Diego California, uh, oh my god, I mean, I joked about it being Jim Lahi, but is it Patrick Lee? Did that motherfucker already in 1991 use his position as a dollar out of military pork to get them to name a whole class of ship after him? That is such a fucking like bribe and kind for congressman that if you if you spend an insane amount of money they will name uh... military shit, they will name some of it after you, like the stennis, the USS stennis is one of our I believe aircraft carriers, because that's some dixycraft fossil who was on the foreign relations committee for 500 years and gave them a trillion dollars. USS, Lindy England, yes, that's very good. All right, uh, displacement, uh, 8,200 tons, full load, damn, length, 533 ft, armament, harpoon missiles, rockets, two. my eyes i got to get bifocals, two phalanks ciws's and three triple torpedo tubes, speed 32 nots, crew 423, it just it hung out, that's what it did, it says it detered iraki navy effect, wow what was that, was that a dingy? so the guys on the England, it sounds like just duck diicked around. Okay, here we go, uh, government, national security act, oh boy, they're really just dabbing, we did the highway of death, not the Russians, uh, this is the most dabbing shit possible, because like this set is celebrating the new American Emperium, and one of the founding documents of the new American emperium is the national security Act, what year by the way, was the... National security Act, you might ask, glad you asked, the national security Act, NSA was passed in 1947, combining the US army, navy and air force into the national military establishment. The act also created the Central Intelligence agency and the National Security Council. In 1949, an amendment to the act replaced the MNME with the Department of Defense and place the NFC under the control of the president. 1940. seven, you kill the working, you kill the uh long-term viability of America's working class organs of power, labor unions, and you build this unaccountable, deep-state uh architecture that will act in violent opposition to the goals of those organizations, game over at that point, and yeah, that national security act. very useful in doing something like ginning up a war with Iraq to create our new world order. I mean, Harry did, God bless him, he did, he did veto it, you know, they just went, uh, Here we go, we got government, it's siera leone, folks, everybody was, see this is the thing, this is the uh, this is the promise that the new world order gave to the new world, hey. "if you join our fucking phony bolony coalitions to do our imperial uh dirty work and give us cover while we just blodging uh recelcitant countries into oblivion then you get your own little card you get you get you get uh like a little bit more foreign aid and you get a card isn't that nice siera leone i'm sure the people who live there were very appreciative of their country's uh involvement in this conflict republic of Siareleon" In 1787, Freetown, now the capital, was founded in as a haven for free slaves from Great Britain and North America. In 1808, Siar Leone was reorganized as a British colony. opposition to colonialism grew slowly until independence in 1971. The mining of diamonds, boxite and gold is the most important industry. Siar Leone sent 200 troops to operation desert storm. Wow, I'm sure they were very, very useful. Uh, geographic area, 27,000. 700 square miles, population 4.2 million, languages, english, mendi, temune and kuro, predominant religions, islam, animism and christianity, capital, freee town, government type, republic under presidential regime, head of government, president Joseph. literally a former colony of the great brit of the British hoping in. All right, here we go. It's another country, Finland. Finland is on the other end of the stick when it comes to uh vestigial populations that have no strategic or or military power uh, and are essentially at the mercy of world capitalism uh, but are... instead of being ruthlessly exploited and uh left to languish and underdevelopment, uh, coddled and suckled and soothed with imperial superprophets. Republic of Finland, ruled by Sweden from 1154 until 1809, Finland became a part of the Russian Empire, then became in a republic in 1919, following the very bloody and nasty finish civil war, which... saw the white finns uh creating concentration camps for the defeated red Finns. during world war 2, part of Finland was taken by the Soviet Union, then the rest of it allied with the nazis against the Soviet Union. Uh, located in Northern Europe, Finland shares borders with Norway, Sweden and the USSR, joined the United Nations in 1955. Finland provided economic and assistance and support for the international red cross military hospital for operation, so they gave like five bucks for some bandaids, that was Finland's contribution, the fucking serio Leone, which has been imperially destroyed and dominated for its entire modern history, since 200 guys to bake in the desert sun, the fucking finns send some fucking hypodermic needles and bed pants. get away with anything uh geographic, somebody says most autistic country, i think it's still the swedes, i think that lapis, that lapland admixture prevents the finns from being the most autistic country, i i think i think those sammies stop the finns from being as autistic as the sweets uh geographic area uh one 130,119 square miles, population 5 million, language, finnish and Swedish, predominant religion, lutheranism, capital, helsinki, government type, republic, head of government, prime minister Harikeri, if you ever wondered, why is Finland the only Scandinavian country with a president instead of a king, for one, they're not really technically Scandinavia, because Scandinavia. is a language group and finnish is not Scandinavian language, it's a yugoric language, like Estonian, is it Estonian or Latvian? I always forget which one it is. It's one of those two. Finoyurgik estonia. Okay, thank you, so Estonian, finish, they're part of the same language group, not scandinavian. Uh, but also because it was a fucking colonial holding for all the time of. Europeans feudal payday, they were ruled by the Swedis and then by the the Russians all time. Okay, here we go, military asset. armor and artillery, the challenger main battle tank, get a look at the challenger main battle at tank, look at this bad boy, uh, I'm always holding this not high enough up, is that it? yeah, there is, look at that, look at that, look at the fucking cannon on that bad boy, don't fuck your shit right up, there was some cool tank action during Iraq, desert storm, I mean obviously it was, it was uh, Washington generals versus the... the group tradters, but they were slugging it out a little bit. uh, challenger main battle tank, the united king, the United Kingdom's challenger main battle tank became operational in 1983 and served in Saudi Arabia during operation desert storm. its armor, known as shobahan, consists of a combination of ceramic, plastic and steel plates that absorb and deflect incoming rounds, the laser range finder and thermal imaging. system can be used in fog and smoke or at night. cool uh manufacturer royal ordinance factory, speed 20 35 mph, range 220 miles, armament 120 millimeter rifled gun, 27 uh, 27.62 millimeter machine guns. crew four, i don't how much the british were actually doing. in that one somebody says this isn't the right flag for the UK is that that's the union jack what what how is that not the right flag for the UK holding it up holding it up there it is i'm i got to remember to hold it up higher all right here we go military that's the old flag, what's the new one look like? military, military skill, education, okay, education, military skill, okay, it doesn't have northern Ireland, apparently, okay, I don't know how you can tell, uh, most, most branches of the US Armed forces require recruits to have a high school diploma, in fact, most officers are college graduates, education is just as important in building a career uh in the military as it is in civilian occupations damn right, give a hoot, read a book, do the highway of death, all right, intelligence file, oh boy, intelligence file, judaism, oh boy, oh brother, do you have a minute, are you sitting? oh boy, hey, what's judaism have to do with a conflict in the middle east? okay, junior, have a seat, jews believe God is above all and created everything, excepting the 10 commandments, at mount Sin formed a covenant or pact with God, by observing God's laws, they gain the his protection, synagogues are the place and saturday, the day of rest and worship, the three main branches are orthodox, conservative and reform, nothing in here about the uh controlling the media, nothing in here about golums or the Prague Elders, so that's good, followers uh 17 point 8 million percent of world's population, th god damn. goddamn man point th fuck uh founder, founder, Abraham and Moses, founded 200 years bc, sacred text, the torah, so that's judiism, moving on, government, united nations security council, oh don't you just feel the the legislative fire coming off of this one, this the hot policy action wafting off the UN security council, god what an idea that was, what a genius idea, how about we have a global government, only five of them, basically the guns who won world war ii, uh, just get to decide for everyone else and get to veto any policy. united nations security council: the security council is charged with maintaining international peace. five members are permanent, china, france, great Britain, USSR and the US. Also, France, get over yourself, get out of there. The other 10 members are elected for terms of two years. Decisions on important matters require nine votes with no negative votes from the permanent members. There you go, can't. can we anything? resolutions adopted by the security council dealing with the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait, condemned the invasion, asked for a withdrawal, imposed economic sanctions and endorsed a naval blocade. the republic of Yemen is the only middle eastern country currently on the Ross Council. That's probably not true anymore, it's a revolving seat, so all right, here we go, the last card, oh man, now we're really getting to the important stuff, you thought some of those earlier ones, national security council or... getting to the point, Portugal, that's right, folks, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, the man, no, Portugal, the country, a country, a country that got to raid the new world, help establish the modern slave trade, and then just kick back and take a siesta for the rest of time, yeah, take a load off, you've earned it. Portugal, helped found slavery as an institution in the modern world. And yeah, now they're just hanging out in a hammock. Republic of Portugal, Portugal is located in southwestern Europe on the Atlantic Ocean, it gained its independence from Spain in 11:79. I mean, yes, it did, but it did not gain its final in full. uh independence from Spain uh until its uh victory in its war of independence uh following the Portuguese revolt of uh 1641 I think so oh because remember there was that there was that Iberian Union that started in 1588 uh during the... and 16th centuries, many leading explorers sailed from Portugal, it joined the United Nations in 1955, for operation desert storm, Portugal supplied a naval vessel and jet refueling services, so they were manning the gas pumps, wow, so that's that, that's another one of these in the future. probably open another one, they're very fun, I hope everyone has a good evening, good night.