 baby i was born this way track baby i was b Are we live? We're live, I better post this now, there's me, look at me, hello, I'm Matt. Hello, how's it going guys, I don't have anything plann today, I thought I'd just do a chill stream, talk you guys about whatever you want to talk about while drinking chocolate milk. don't tell me there's no sound, tell me i have sound right? okay, we have sound, good. oh, they hear the milk, that's good, it looks like they've had unemployment expire, that's pretty crazy. I mean, the thing is, the reason I i just assume that that's going to be corrected at some point is just because I don't see the percentage in continuing to do it from the perspective of people in power, forgetting the political party is actual power holders, so unless this is the end and they're like getting ready to uh, I don't know, just put people in fema camps, I don't really get the percentage, but I i don't know. somebody said i was being smug about it and if i was i apologize i understand people's livelihoods are say here and they're terrified and they have every reason to be worried about this shit and i'm sorry if i appeared uh to not really have enough empathy for that position because obviously it's horrible. i think what they're gonna have to learn is just that their premise that like you can't have people on unemployment because it's gonna prevent them from seeking work, i think they they just don't get that the jobs don't exist, i think that they're uh, i think that they are trapped in a illusion about how bad things are, and how badly they've injured, how badly the economy has been structurally undermined by this, that they think that there is still, are they that disconnected and ignorant? yeah, i mean i was talking about this, they have we have... the most unconnected ruling class since before democracy, which is pretty impressive when you consider that this is supposed to be the like the the archetypal democratic state, or at least we like to think it is, they're absolutely unaware, uh, it's pretty horrifying, uh, so I don't know what's going to happen, like I said, my assumption is at some point. reality will sink in and they will decide to put more money out there, but uh, they're going to make it as as punitive and as humiliating and as difficult to collect as possible, that will definitely happen, there's no question about that. someone wants me to talk about quantum mechanics and i really don't. anything about it, i don't know anything about hard sciences, so i don't want to turn into joe Rogan. uh, it's fight to say that, i don't know, it's it's uh, yeah, no, i i want to see your clear that, thank you for the question, but i don't want to, more than anything, i don't want to just lose myself in trying to like guess around things that i frankly don't have enough of a grounding in, i'm not a math guy or or a science guy, i'm not bill, bill night, the science. guy, I do, I do. I do sense though like my my like uh more instinctive than than informed sense is that uh there's a lot of shit going on down there if you know what i mean uh in that quantum realm where uh more most interestingly the idea that causation breaks down uh at a quantum level. It's really interesting and I think it has some very significant implications that once again I don't want to get into right now, because I'm trying to not alienate people or myself by. Uh, somebody recommended William Volman's uh book about the Nest Pers war yesterday and the only volman I've ever really tried to read is I tried to actually read in high school I think his gigantic book about like the ethics of violence, I think I only got halfway through, rising up, rising down. All right, this guy has got me tempted with the quantum thing, I don't, I really didn't want to say anything, but I'm just putting this out there as a theory, I don't want anyone thinking that I'm saying that I that that I think this is true because I don't have enough of a of a basing in the science to suspect that to to have any. idea uh, but I kind of think that like the way to resolve the free will determinism question is that a freely made choice essentially ports you through the quantum space from one planet to another, one version of earth to another where you make the choice that you make. I am not on weed right now actually, that's one of the reasons I'm being more hesitant is because uh, when I'm not, when I'm not chiefing that lound, it it gives me more uh, more residence to go off, I feel more confident to just kind of pull things out of my ass. i did watch the last season of rick and morty, it was fine, rick and morty is is is now just a comforting, a comforting fun program for all the watch, i feel like the the fever has broken around rick and morty, the cultural fever, and now you can just watch it and have fun, have i ever read two books at once, do you mean simultaneously? no, that seems like it'd be really complicated, but i have read multiple books like switching off between one and the other one. Spanish civil war. I should, I've teased the Spanish civil war enaviated past before, and now I kind of want to do it just to get everybody mad at me. I would kind of want to like sketch it out in such a way to make sure maximum anger from both the anarchist. uh and and the uh the the the Soviet apologists out there buse there's plenty there's plenty in that material to uh to troll both sides pretty hardcore somebody yesterday this reminds me somebody yesterday was talking about Zapada the Mexican revolution and people in the comments were uh praising Zapada and like how he was you know the true revolutionary heart of the French of the Mexican revolution I think that's certainly true, but uh, I've always wondered with Sapata though, if Zapata had been in a country that had a soviet. revolution in it, he would have wouldn't he have ended up being like a a green insurgent, like a peasant rebel against the modernizing urban uh communist party that would be trying to take power, like wouldn't he be more likely to be a nester monko type person, and if that's the case, who as a, as a historical arper vicariously getting your enjoyment from the... heroics of previous generations of revolutionaries, who do you pick? so here people are talking about pull pot, i mean i think i don't understand why isn't pull pot cancelled if not for uh the killing fields for taking CIA support after the vietnamese uh kicked him out of power? um best SNL deep cut that's a good question talking to ad Adam mckey definitely brought back a lot of them and man i i mean I kissed his ass on that show for that but I it's unapologetic because having as i have a historic knowledge of SNL uh his his sketches, his like five to one sketches to my mind are still the best ones, they're like if I'm listing my favorite SNL sketches, almost all of them are going to be mcqueys, high sea and turkey uh and orange Julius of course, but old glory robot insurance for god sake uh, I don't know how deep of a cut it is, but I I think Mr. Belvedier fan Club might be my favorite SNL sketch of all time, to tear the flesh, to wear the flesh, to be born into new worlds where his flesh becomes my key, that's good stuff. I watched the zoom SNLs and they are by far the worst thing the show's ever done, because it's not the show, it's not saturday night live, the fact like the fact that Saturday night live, the premise of which was a live broadcast before a studio audience on a Saturday night tried to do shows where they recorded shit in people's apartments really does show the maddening psychotic compulsion towards normalizing everything that undergirds the social order and what makes it so hard for us to confront real crises because we normalize crises instantly and that's what i've said that's what i said yesterday i'm scared about global warming man because this is just a preview of how you know if fucking florida sinks people are going to be like ah you know it was florida what expect, not for it to be covered in water, come on, I mean as soon as you are doing a show Saturday night live and it's Keen Thompson in his kitchen talking into a fucking camera for 15 minutes, you've lost the plot, like obviously they have the show must go on mindset, but that's not the show, the show can't go on and instead of acknowledging that things are such that the that the normal order cannot obtain, we're going to take some mutant uh uh distorted humuncular version of it and say no this is it, and then you're going to go, yeah, I guess this is it, and then now you've you've accommodated another level of of unacceptable horror in your life. I know that's not a very uh dramatic example, but I think that it is. indicative of a greater cultural phenomenon. Yeah, I'm talking into a camera, but I'm not saturday night live, I'm really bummed that high sea and turkey is not on, apparently it's not on internet anywhere, I look for it, I couldn't find it, orange Julius, I think you... find, i think it's on like a daily motion or something, but uh, high sea and turkey for my to my knowledge is not available to watch anywhere, which is insane, it's such a good sketch, if anyone's ever seen it, it's about uh, danny ielo plays a door to door salesman who comes into a family's house and he keeps insisting that they give him high sea in turkey uh and then he's incredibly confrontational with the family and then it ends with him taking them hostage and demanding highsy and turkey from the police. uh classic stuff, one of my favorite snl quotes ever is, hello saying to the to the parents of a child, your kid has goat eyes and he stinks. SNL mostly only puts uh recent sketches uh on YouTube and I think that's because at some level they understand that if you put them next to even sketches from the mid-90s you would notice the decline in quality and I know that that seems like oh yeah grumpy stuff and I am generally resistant to that idea that like Saturday night live, oh this is terrible, it's always bad relative to the time, like it's never great uh, it's not like being a fan of another of a regular television show or movie or anything, it's it's being fan of, it's like being fan of a baseball team, you know, they're gonna they're not going to be good all the time, in fact they're usually going to lose, i mean i yeah i guess i should say it's like being a fan of like the mets, it's not just being a fan of any baseball team, it's being a fan a chronic loser, but it's your team, and there's you follow certain players and you root for them and uh, they have a good game, you're excited, but I've noticed it like recent SNL, and I think this is part of the just the flattening of uh of of everything, uh, they just every sketch is just a premise, it's like, hey, what if this happened, and then it just does that thing. over and over again, and that's uh, that's kind of boring, there should be some sort of, I mean if you have an absurd premise, the comedy you ring out of it is by escalating the premise, and introducing new levels to the premise that shift things and are surprising, because comedy is the point, you know, surprise is the point of comedy, whereas now SNL sketches are almost entirely setic. a wacky premise and then just doing it without any uh any uh complication and part of that you know it's they're grinding it out and they don't really have time to to to to find tune things but it means that it's pretty crummy and if you're putting it on there on youtube next to high sea and turkey I think a lot of people would be like what am i watching this for what am i watching this new shit for? And the other thing they do on SNL which I think is really really insidious is that instead of having uh instead of having recurring characters which was that's classically SNL's bread and butter they have recurring premises. where the characters have no notable uh quirks that stand out, it's just that it's the premise, and then they do the premise again, so instead of having one sketch where they beat the same horse for 20 for five minutes, it's two or three sketches beating the exact same horse without even having like a charismatic wacky point character, a recurring character to put any kind of uh like emotional arc. behind or uh or character development cuz like I remember watching SNL when there when like there was there was a pat sketch every week, but at least every pat sketch. was like pat on a desert island, pat with a robot, you know whatever, it was it had some sort of uh elaboration on the and the on the premise, even if it repeated the jokes, whereas now it's just the premise being repeated, so if they if they don't get back on stage, i think they should just stop the whole thing, and they can just chock it down as another thing killed by covid, oh boy gilly, oh you're giving me flashbacks, that was terrible, man. Christen Wigg was pretty talented, but she had no good recurring characters, every one of her recurrent character was insanely irritating. I don't watch them all so many. people ask me like, how do you watch Every SNL? I don't watch them live every every time, but they're on like, they're they're they're like on the next day or something. Oh man, ge Smith with... was the king of the guitar face, that dude constantly was just steven sagal style face just riffing off, he loved it, he was also a big right winger and he played the RMC last year, last in 2016, i think like GE Smith's band played the RNC when they did Bengazzi night. oh god, i'm not talking anymore about a honk pill, not talking about the hank pill, i will say this, last night i was explaining the hank pill to someone and they were having a very fun time because they had no idea what it was, and they were just dying laughing at the prospect of this thing uh, and i actually read the the hank pill thread, and reading it out loud, you really get how you get what the internet does to people's brains, because no matter how eye rolling or absurd most things you see on the internet are uh in that context there's sort of given a i don't know like a a surface plausibility or something uh because they're embed it's embed it but if you read it out loud to someone else as though you're just like saying something to someone you you you can really just be like oh oh dear this internet is just like uh, this this website is just churning people into into paranoid maniacs and and they're walking around with the stuff in their head thinking it's real and you're like oh my god that's yeeiks it's a yeeiks fan that's what it is i kind of want to find it and read it again read it on here kind of cuz it reading it out loud was so funny I'm just going to read two tweets that she did, and like there doesn't even need to be a pipeline travel from chapo to truanon to redscare to stupid Paul to fash at that point, the dirt bags are welcoming incells into their fan bases now, those guys don't need terrogram to lead them to violence, and that Hchan terragram clown world and hank pill nialism is already deeply laundered into the dirt bag left, the hankler, his catch from... is explicitly code for h, short for Hyle Hitler, is all over Dirtbag twitter. You would not believe the number of Dirtbag left is using clown world, and other variants of this meme like clown emojis in my mentions. Don't most don't even realize how the clown emoji got popularized as code for the explicitly nazi Honkler clown world meme. It's beyond irresponsible. The podcasters are seeding the left ironically with terror-friendly discourse, and institutions like dem Social. and are enabling them because they care more about recruitment than they do about consequences. i don't believe they're deliberately trying to get people killed with this shit, i don't think the irony dead hunkler creator chanters were either, i just think the... recklessly indifferent to the potentially deadly consequences of their action. i mean, once you find yourself earnestly writing something like uh, the anchangram clown world and hank pillus. and not only are you talking about these things like they have meaning, you're talking about them. like they are life and death concerns, like the hanklers, they're going to listen to the podcast and then they're going to kill everybody, the hawkler terrogram, clown world punk pill people, it really only hit me when I read it out loud, how I saying that stuff was, that kind of scared me a little bit cuz I'm like, I knew it was funny and I thought it was like silly, like oh Gwen's had it again. but then reading it out loud to someone wasn't online as much and hadn't read that stuff really hit me like oh this is an entire like uh uh like self-created universe that somebody has fashioned out of the brickage of the internet and turned into a turned into like a a existential battle between good and evil damn man if that doesn't tell you people you need to like step back from the internet i don't know what that? that would, just that is the abys staring right back, and the thing is is that like if it's all a scam to get people to like pay attention to her, that implies that she thinks that kind of stuff is going to resonate with people, that someone's going to read that be like clown world pankler, yes uh-huh, terrogram, yes, and if that's the case then yikes, if if there are people for whom that is meaningful words, it's like fuck, we are in ponty pool, we're in the ponty pool universe where words have turned into... virus and are just burrowing into our heads and dissolving our cognitive function and replacing it with uh with a paranoid alternative fantasy realm. I bet the NFL will def, I think the NFL will return, because they've got the like the most united owners, they've got the most cowed of... labor labor uh or uh most cow cow players union of any of the major sports and football is sort of the most like ritualistically encoded uh sport we've got in terms of like validating America's hegemony and power and all that shit the idea of like not having football is a fundamental uh undermining of uh of the American project. and i don't think that they would allow it to happen, it's because the people who need football, the people want football back at all levels including the ownership are the people least likely to accept that anything has really changed, so i if they're if football doesn't happen then then uh that means that covid really has gone out of control. When am I going to push back on my celebrity guests? probably not, why would i invite somebody on your show? I don't know, I i'm not a fan of that. I don't, I don't see the point of it. I mean, I don't want to, I don't want to like countersign something I think is like wildly wrong, but at the same time I'm not going to like try to like body. check somebody who I otherwise respect because they're older and like they had they their political uh imagination is different than mine, it seems like that just seems uh churlish, I think it's just that instinct of wanting to own everybody that people get from online and it's you, I get it for being the show cuz like we own people, but we generally don't own our guests, like they're on the show, you know, we're trying to make it a vibe, the show's trying to be a vibe, so people who want like and the funny thing is the few times we've ever had conflict with a guest people freak out. i remember when i remember when we had David Cross on and he got into like a five-minute argument with Felix about Louis Ferracon. and back when the sub subreddit still existed, they there was a gigantic freak out, like so we didn't have fun like, i certainly didn't enjoy that argument when it happened, and it didn't seem like people enjoyed it listening to it, they all were like breathing into paper bags, like that's the example of that happening and it wasn't fun for listeners or us, so why would we want to do that? somebody keeps asking if i've read rush limbaw's books, why in the world would i read rush limbaw's books? yes, i i read rush revere and the tiny patriots or whatever the fuck weird children's book he did, Actually we did edit that uh, yeah, the actual argument between Felix and and David Cross was a little longer, we cut it down a bit. Ooh, there's a big long one, uh, how do I read all this and not go insane? It's tough, that's why I like to generally come with something prepared so I don't have to look at the chat so much, but uh, that's why I i i said this earlier, but uh, we're hoping in the near future in August, probably uh, to to set up a thing in our studio. uh with the gaming uh console and with Chris there and like do a uh like a Q&A thing so that I don't have to talk and look at the chat at the same time and I think that'll be good uh I got to say the Amon somebody asked about the Amoon bundy thing I mean kudos to him for at least uh maintaining any some kind of uh just maintaining some sort of coherent world view, which is more than can be said for most of his conservative uh counterparts, well actually no i shouldn't say that uh they they have a conservative world view, they have a uh coherent world view too, it's just that they're uh there are parts of it that they don't acknowledge, like they think they don't like authoritarianism, but they just don't like the idea of having it used on them, they in fact depend on the idea depend on authoritarianism and in fact fetishize authoritarianism against who the the people that they consider the enemy, the shmidi and other uh and uh give bundy credit for at least not subscribing to that. i'd love to go on stob show, that sounds great. I don't have a plan to, but I would, I've been, I went on a hasan show, I went on a son with - with Brace and Liz. yeah, sorry about this, i usually don't do it this way, but i just i'm out of ideas right now, feeling like a spent, a spent force, but I just wanted to say hi for a bit. Ever read Robert Anton Wilson of course Luminatus trilogy baby, that's a college classic. I highly doubted holds up, but I really enjoyed it at the time. I own a copy, I haven't cracked it in decade, like I, I carried around, I move it around, but I i i guess I just like having it around, but yeah, no, that was a another formative book. I've heard that there is a subredit for the streams and uh that's very flattering and I'm I'm glad that people are getting stuff out of them so I i i uh I I will admit that I have gone I've heard people pointed it to me and so I looked at it uh kind of just to be like oh god you know is this more of the same chapo trapous reddit stuff and I have to say that I mean it's not a lot of... and it's not like terribly active like ch was, but uh, it definitely seems to be a better vibe over there. How do I stop it from becoming nialistic? people talk, I mean thanks to the Honkler thing, people have been talking about how nialistic the grill pill is lately, and as I said, that's not a thing, there's no such thing as nialism, even if you say fuck it, I'm going to pursue my own pleasure, that's not nialism, that's capitalism, that's what we're all doing, like you can call it nialistic. like a long-term because it leads to social and ecological uh collapse and is predicated on horrific uh exploitation, but you sure as hell can't say that it's not some sort of a value system, it is, it's just you've been thrown hedenism, you've enthrown and and i think the the way to push back on that and the way that it has to be pushed back on is to point out that our desires are not own, the the idea that anyone can operate that any that people are that if you're operating from like what you see as your your self-interest, the way that like libertarians talk about it, that that is somehow intrinsic to you, that that's something that is generated by your like spirit, and that it's not entirely uh socially constructed is is a fantasy that undergards a lot of the most pernicious and and uh harmful social dynamics we have, so I would say anybody's like, yeah, fuck it, I'm anilist, like, no, you're not, you're, you're letting, you're letting uh, you're either letting you, the the the branded uh, like lake capitalist machinery tell you what you want, or even or if you're self-consciously, like if you're being self-consciously traid or something in opposition to that, you're still letting it control. you, you're you're still, you're still uh, operating in a reactionary framework to a hegemmonic culture of personal pleasure, uh, what needs to be done is is, I think what people need to do more than anything is interrogate. their desires, interrogate what it is they think they want, why they want it, uh, and I think a lot, you'll find that a lot of the stuff that that feels like it's it's at the center of your being is really compensatory, it's it's compensating, it's cope, as kids say today, and that you, real, real value comes from uh, from a rewarding social engagement, i think that's where i think that's what the grill pill, which by this point i'm already sick of and i wish i hadn't even fucking coined the term, like everything on the internet it just gets turned into a stupid phrase and and a collection of uh of symbols and to be like either embraced or denied or and then turned into a whole weird thing um that is like eventually loses all control that that loses all relationship to whatever it was originally trying to talk about uh is like the logging off is the first step of a process that hopefully reintegrates you into a social value system that replaces that libidinal personal uh indulgence urge that that freeze you or or leads you in a to a process that could lead you to be freed or at least significantly un uh enchained unencumbered by a uh by that nialistic self-centeredness, buse the only way that you can really like defeat ego orientation and and self-indulgence as as as your driver is by having something else that has value to it uh and that comes from sort of offload your ego onto the people around you, offloading that sense of value away from your illusory sense of personal identity towards a larger and larger social organ that you are that you are part of and that your actions support and creates reinforcing cycles of of ritualized and and and and unstructured social life that provide meaning intrinsically, like the meaning arise arises from the interaction. I have not watched the new perry mason show because the idea of a dark Perry Mason reboot is the kind of thing that bums me out about television and makes me not want to ever watch another show. I know people said it's good but I don't think it's going to happen how many how many fucking? shows are there and one of them how many shows are going to be especially on like one of the few few formats that has any kind of remaining patina of prestige around it HBO how many there's only a few on air at a given time and one of them's got to be dark perry mason was less have anybody even thought of perry fucking mason I know it's good I know it's good somebody pointed this out to uh the other day and it's 100% true that I still think and it's because I'm a you know a uh it's because I'm an Oregon trail kid you know HBO was a big deal when it came out uh uh or after it came out and for a long time you know like that whole thing of it's not TV that was some real shit because you could see nudity and there were swears and it was mind blowing if you could ever get access to HBO you like a neighbor's house or something uh or a friend's house you really. like oh my god, i'm really uh, i'm really experiencing something, and one of the big reasons is was this, i bet most of you will have no idea what this is and will not recognize this sound, but this was this was the thing that uh, this is the song, this was the thing they play before every movie on HPO or the the big night movie. and it was this, it was a camera going through a model of a city and then sweeping over uh, a suburban neighborhood and then through a small town and then mountains. There it is. That's what you get when you log on to Netflix comparatively, you go, you got, that's what you get. That's it, go on Netflix, that's it, shameful, where's the pageanttry? I guess that's what I want, I want pageantry, damn it, cuz and I don't think that that's just being a grumpy old man, I think there's something to that, there's something just slowing things down, you know, making you wait for something, it's just... It makes you have to think about what it is your uh what it is you're looking for and and then it makes when you finally get it it makes it feel more meaningful but yes I know I know 90% of the shit i say on here is just okay boomer but I get it I'm fine I'm a boomer whatever. Yeah, I'm grandpa Simpson, that's fine, the world needs grandpa Simpson to tell you stories about the old days. I think we did steal cable at one point if I remember correctly. I remember some shady shit happening with a with like a big black box. Yeah, we had cable at one point, but uh, I think we also stole it at one point too. It was really easy back then. someone wants to uh have an explanation for the Zarnayev FBI thing that Felix mentioned so Jokar had his death sentence overturned on appeal today uh and Felix pointed out that we'll probably never find out the truth. about the Boston bombing, which most likely at some point involved the fact that uh, that Tamerlain, the older brother who died during the shootout got run over by his brother, was in all likelihood some sort of CIA asset, either a informant or or someone who was like uh being being run in some way or another by the agency, and the evidence for that is obviously circumstantial, but significant, one of the main pieces of evidence is that... the year before the Boston bombing, three people were found dead, including Joekar's best friend in a gym where he had worked out, covered in like drugs. um, the local police, their investigation was almost immediately counter uh taken over by the FBI, who according to their own uh statements, never interviewed Tamerline, even though he was the best friend of one of the victims, and no one was ever charged for a triple murder that the FBI was supposed to investigate for a year. uh and then of course there's the fact that after there's a bunch of weird shit with uh Tammerlain uh and the the uh timeline uh there's the fact that he went to Dagistan uh went to the caucases uh and met with like jihad leaders and uh the FSB actually informed the US government and said hey this guy's been in areas with terrorist activity meeting with people that are suspicious and it was never followed up upon officially uh also you have the fact that the... that the FBI does not even claim that the sarnayovs made the bombs, they stipulate that someone else made the bombs, but they have never said who it is, and there's never been anyone charged with having built the bombs. uh, and then there's the fact that uh Tammerlane associate Sarav associate was being interrogated by the FBI in Florida uh and out of nowhere grabbed a broom or something according to the agent who then shot him in the back uh and then that guy's wife was immediately um deported very very very eye raising shit uh and of course you know that's there's the Alex Jones thing and a lot of people who think that that means that the Boston bombing was a false flag uh I'm always very skeptical of the whole false flag thing just because I don't think it's necessary. uh, but the FBI does, one thing we know the FBI does is set up people for fake entrapment terror attacks so that they can pad their stats basically every domestic terrorism plot that's been thwarted by the FBI since 911 has been a case of pretty blatant and trapment. there's almost no instances of the FBI like the way you would imagine it in a movie, finding out about some cell and then catching them before they can like bomb buy a bomb or something. it's almost always some uh sleeze bag the FBI pays going to find unstable people and say, hey, wouldn't it be cool? do terrorism until they say yes uh and then they bust them. the most infamous examples uh of some uh Miami Hatians who got entrapped into trying to buy a like a missile to blow up the sears tower and all of it was orchestrated by an FBI informment. none of it would have come any wouldn't it would it wouldn't have ever come to anything because it wasn't anything without the FBI explicitly building it up and that's true of almost every every terror uh... prosecution since 911, which means it's pretty easy to imagine Tamerlain being one of those guys, they got on the line and then at some point he got off the line uh, and then they had to cover that up, I don't think I don't know that's what happened, but that to me seems like it's the most likely scenario, uh, it sure shit wasn't anything like in fucking patriots day, uh, the absolute propaganda. what is the point of the stat padding? it's so that the FBI can appear to be doing something, like I mean we reoriented our entire domestic uh uh uh security around stopping terrorism after 9/11, and they there was no terrorism to stop, and if there's no terrorism to stop, then why are we doing what we're doing? but if there's if there's some guys going to blow up the serus tower and there's some guys who were going to attack fort Dicks or something, then there's a reason that we have to be fighting this war. One thing you have to remember realize is that the FBI before 911 they did a lot of stuff, they had a wide remit to to investigate federal crime. of all types, financial, uh, uh, political corruption, and after 9:11, it essentially all went to terrorism. what's the message if they don't find any? what's the message? yeah, we put our we put our uh, our our most, we put our our biggest, the most effective federal police investigative agent. on the case of terrorism, and it's like, yeah, no, there's no real, nobody's doing anything, what the fuck are we doing in Iraq, what are we doing in Afghanistan, why are we droning people, come on, going to wrap it up here, but I want to say, I just rewatched, I watched it when I was, I watched it in the theater, when it came. as a kid uh ninth gate with Johnny dep, Roman Plansky movie, I remember hating it as a kid because it was boring, watching it again, uh, it's still pretty slow, I'm not really a fan of Palansky's later work, I watched Ghost writer to and I didn't really enjoy that either, uh, but it's definitely funnier than I remember, and what really struck me more than anything is that it came out the same year as eyes wide shut, and it's sort of about... the same thing, it's about the idea of the rich as a satanic occult force that seeks dominion through ritualized sadism and and and and like debatchery uh, but whereas kubrick is looking at that through like a a steril but still deeply judgemental and scowering eye uh polansky is kind of like lol this is hilarious, and it's probably because like... knew about all the horrible shit rich people did from afar, but being you know a uh a spectrum germafobe weird weirdo, gold bug, he probably didn't do anything about it, whereas Palansky as we know is is one of the evil demon rich people, he is one of the epstein level uh perverts, and so even though they came out the same year and I can't imagine like I kind of imagine like he heard about it, I don't buse I was that was being made for like five years right, took him forever to make it, and I just imagine Palansky being like, Oh Stanley, what are you, what are you, what are you doing, it's great, come on, some rare books, some togas, we'll do some horrible uh sexual salts, it'll be fun. Deadwood was the best HBO show, someone wants a word on deadwood, best HBO show, there's uh, yeah, there's a lot of fun little dead pant bits in uh the ninth gate, the ninth gate, there's one scene when... uh, Johnny Dep is pouring over this satanic tome to find the the these engravings made by Satan, and he's there, he's in the office of this uh, this rich french scholar woman in a wheelchair, whose book he's borrowing, and he gets knocked out and when he wakes up, she's uh strangled in her wheelchair, and it's like on, and he turns it around, and she just shoots out of the room through the doors. and the doors fly open and the other room is on fire and it's a very good uh very funny dead pan moment, i gave it like an extra half star for that, it's certainly no eyes white shut, and it's certainly creepier than that cuz you know who made it, you know it's actually it's like sort of the uh, it's the uh it's the cabal, it's like the a kabal being self-aware, and just like, yeah, this is what we do, it's kind of fun, oh you, you, really, this is freaking you out, is it okay? where uh someone's asking jones town be included in the MK Ultra category? I i remember growing up the big book of conspiracies, that was my intro to parapolitics as a teenager, and that's where I uh, first encountered the theory of James Jonestown as an MK giant MK Ulture experiment, um, I don't know if there's a terribly large preponderance of evidence on that um so I'm not that's another one I'm kind of agnostic on uh like I don't know if there's anything comparable in the in the Jonestown uh in the Jonestown chronology to you know Manson spending an entire summer uh at an MK ultra essentially living a block away from an MK ultra uh uh uh funded experimental outpost in San Francisco. the I mean the weird eye raising thing about uh Jonestown related to politics is how deeply connected Jones was to the to the San Francisco democratic party and it's and in the Moscoone machine um but to me there seems to be a relatively banal explanation to that with... was that Jim Jones was capable of on a moment's notice getting hundreds of people to volunteer for any campaign that he decided he would to support, like he was an instant campaign staff and like canvassing teams for any any issue or any candidate who wanted him, and that kind of manpower is very very hard to come by, especially in local politics and so he he leveraged it, they may they put him the... made him like - they put him on that the the the i think like the civil rights enforcement council in in San Francisco and the housing authority like uh the planning committee or the the housing committee and then as they were getting ready to go to Guiana is when uh Feinsteen really tried to like get hooked up with him to try to to try to get some help from him for her for her uh campaign then he split off to to uh giana. thoughts on transhumanism, i always assume that all that shit, all the all the singularity, transhumanist, AI. stuff all, i put that all in one basket and it just seems to me to be a big old pile of cope, just seems like people wanting a way out uh that does, i just it it feels like technological uh uh, it's like a techno milloritism, you know, it's like a it's like a it's technomillenniary uh apocalyptic fantasy. a way out, yeah, techn a technoreligion, and and what is most pernicious about it is generated by inability to reconcile with finitude, with the idea that your life ends, uh, the idea that you are part of something, and that your specific part of it has to have a fixed beginning and end as all things must. uh and that only only the the monstrous only the monstrous inequality that this system creates could give anybody for a minute the fantasy that they could conquer that uh and I think the ninth gate is actually uh it's got a funny scene with that with uh with where Frank Langela thinks that he has basically become like Satan's uh like vice president or something and he gets to live forever as in like as like a a lord of hell. uh and to prove it he dumps gasoline all over himself and then starts burning and he's all happy for a second because he can't feel it and then all of a sudden he's like oh no oh shit and then he just starts burning literally burning in hell uh and that's what all these guys are gonna end up all these fucking transhumanist deluted wild wackos even if any of this stuff was real if it wasn't just fantasy in my opinion it's like the fucking mercury tonics that that ancient chinese emperor used who thought he was going to be a mortal drank. uh, it's the same thing, it's it's I have, I have attained a separation from all humans, I have, I have worshiped my own ego and my own consciousness as the end all be all of the universe. I, I am, I am, I have assimilated full solopsism with the help of the uh... financial and economic resources that I find at my disposal, and I'm going to use those resources to further a a fantasy, or a quasi religious fantasy of eternal life, rather than acknowledge the bound, the limits, the inherent limits of any ego-based orientation. All right guys, I'm sorry this one wasn't too good, I don't feel like I was terribly good, um, I'll I'll get some stuff for next one, I'll take a couple days off, I think, but good to talk, see you guys soon.