 after a day, i was, and i will pray, but the day after today. why can't i get just one kiss why can't i get just one kiss miss me something i wouldn't mess but i was my pants and when you kiss why can't i get just one screw why can't i get just one screw believe me i know what to do but something don't let me make love to you have you kept your rice on your eyes and your son, got problems and not the only one, but when you sugar left, he left you on the run, oh my mom, take a look now what your boy is done, he's walking around like he's on the number one, he went down town and he got on the gun so don't shoot, shoot shoot that thing at me, don't ' shoot shoot shoot that thing at me, you know you got my sympathy, but don't shoot, shoot, shoot that thing at me, don't shoot, shoot, shoot that thing at me, don't shoot, shoot, shoot that thing at me, you know you got my sympathy, but don't shoot, shoot shoot that thing at me, god damn it, so yeah, it just occurred to me, overwatch, is that still around? because for a while it was gonna be not only was it an incredibly popular video game, it was going to become the next great American spectator sport, like there was overwatch league that had a championship that was in the Barkley center in Brooklyn I believe, there was real money behind it, like the project had a significant capital investment, and then it just seems like it completely fell off, I mean obviously the uh spectator component was marred by COVID, but I don't know, it feels like video games are so hegemonic as a entertainment genre, I guess you call it, I don't even know, like uh... form, like a form of entertainment, like technological form of entertainment, they're maybe the most utilized, but have yet to really create an independent um, like cultural identity. Gamers still don't think of they cannot uh get it across to themselves or anybody else that video games are an art form, they really want it, but they uh, they want it to be recognized, but they can't, they can't deal with the contradictions that that requires, like gamergate was basically the larger culture of uh of like mainstream entertainment saying, gamers, you guys want to be part of the uh the big boy squad, you guys want to be part of like a the general hegemonic you know uh legitimate forms of entertainment, things that you aren't a loser for doing, things that you don't feel defensive about uh indulging in, you want uh cultural kudos for engaging in them, the way people do for watching movies or reading books or uh listening to podcasts or streaming tv shows or... writing and talking about those things, you can be like that, but you have to be house broken, like this new uh cultural milieu is a liberalized space, this is a, it truly is a femininized space, in that it is uh house breaking away a lot of the features of male like um clanishness. all being absolved by like the market, which remember, these are all about, this is all about hegemonic uh uh economies. We're video games going to turn into from a toy to a component of culture, where they going to make that transition? they had to do it though on the terms of at this point, progressive capital, socially progressive capital, which has a vested interest in having as wide a uh demographic appeal as possible. defined by having a pitch for everyone, because everyone is a potential consumer, and that overriding logic is going to push, regardless of what the the beliefs are of people uh within entertainment, it's going to push things in a a socially progressive direction in terms of uh undermining ideas of white supremacist. white supremacy, gender hierarchy, all this stuff, like this, these things are resistance to fully marketized social relations, like they are, but but they're reactionary, so games were going to get on the well on the playing field with everybody else, they had to... have a logic of culture that allowed them to do things like sell nialistic murder games to alienated young men, but do it in a way where the stories that were being told in those niolistic adventures are socially progressive and even if the actual product doesn't do that, as long as you have a uh a commentariat who can critique these pieces of art right in a that says this isn't what could be, and therefore it gives everybody license to keep indulging in it. the reptile brain snapped back and said, no, no, that's too great a cost, we will create our own alternative, and then that linked to the greater project of the the right and general, it's just one element of the reactionary rejection of the neoliberal news being applied after 2008. and so Gamergate is this uh rejection of that which had previously been the object of pursuit and now a new counter hegemonic cultural identity has to be built and that becomes the entire uh online right which explodes out of the same dynamic that creates the online left at about the same time, and the thing that these two forces have in common is that they are sterilized politically, because they are totally detached from material politics and attached, fatally attached to the spectacle of bipartisan uh political battle of the two-party system, of of the structure of America's deliberative uh processes, not to the sinuwes of its uh economy, which are what actually are determining the uh the the rate of decline. audio is clipping, i guess i should turn down the volume, at least it's connected, i like that this thing is actually connected to something, so everybody who is involved in this, online right and left efforescence after 2000, i'd say 2016, it really is the... the Trump election is the sanders campaign and then Trump winning are really what buse that's the those are the contradictions emerging from the system and and the politically active neurotic downwardly mobile educated who are all the people engaging in online politics uh give it their energy during that period of of anxiety decline possibility that made people reassess their understanding of their social contract but these people are what what they have in common is is that they are disaggregated in any class sense, they are downwardly mobile, yes, they are college educated, yes, but beyond that, Their jobs, their incomes, their relationships to capital float independently independently of each other, because the politics that they engage in does not engage those levels of identity, it's fixed at the level of partisan identity, enforced by their parents, the parents of this new generation of politically active, downwardly mobile, college educated people, their parents because they are still home owners, largely, beneficiaries of the last social contract forged in the Reagan era, are committed to the project of capitalism because they see themselves as beneficiaries of it, so their politics is just this uh, this dance of of uh denunciation of theself as they external everything that's wrong with a system that they know that they're part of, uh, but which they still benefit from, they need someone to blame for uh the fact that their kids look like they're not going to have as good a life, that the the promise of upward mobility that they had assumed would like carry on through the generations was already being reduced to their in front of them, but all they can do is vote because that's all they know to do, because these people have been home owners. much more deeply, become home owners, much more deeply as like a motivator of self-identity that orders our understanding of the world than worker would be, and so the non-home-owning educated are this tale in the uh, in the aftermath of a battle between these two wings of... the uh these two culturally polarized wings of the post war, middle class, the home owners, because they are the center of gravity of politics, they vote more, more of them vote, the their concentrated identity imprints more on political outcomes. "that means that their commitment to the electoral system, which is all we have in politics now, there is no, we've been depoliticized, all we have is the skeleton of social uh, of social ritual that connects us to any kind of democratic tradition, they still believe in it because it has done enough for them to make them believe in it, their kids don't believe in it because they've never seen it work, but they can't articulate it independent politics." because all they can do is vote too, because they don't have a connection to their coworkers, their their uh, they don't have a socially reproduced identity that correlates to a greater self-interest that connects people by degree of exploitation by capitalism or or uh or position in the uh chain of production, and so our politics is hostage to this, and this is why our president becomes more and more powerful in our minds as he becomes more and more drained of any meaningful power in his actual job. now none of these are moral positions, this is an important thing to to underline because this is where a lot of people get confused because you start thinking, well who are the good and the bad guys here, it's not about that, socialism doesn't happen because people get better, socialism happens because people change their self-perception to align their self-interest with a greater interest. That's class consciousness, it is a self-interested uh movement, it's directed towards protecting oneself from uh, from the pain and misery of life, it is an adaptive and and evolutionary move. And you can say that's getting better but not in a moral sense it is an objective uh process. It is people being put in a position of friction where they either have to fight or cooperate, and and they get in a situation where more of them come to the conclusion the cooperate makes sense than fight, and then that builds new incentive structures uh that redefine what people are capable of, what really is a possibility in the world? It's it's a like a real ruptures is what it's what's important to remember and so we're all in this thing, we are all subjects, we are all consumers. We're all grappling with that identity, we're trying to understand our our relationship to it and to mold it, to try to mold the world through this understanding of ourselves, uh, and that is the task of everybody who is in this position of like trapped consciousness, is to work themselves through the the task of like daily life and like find answers to the question of how... how to live with this reality, and that means dis associating your participation in politics as you understand it with uh that effort to build. build a a greater sense of self, like to to do the like the necessary internal transformation that is required of the moment, yeah, it's all just the circle over again, it's all, I'm sorry, I don't, I honestly don't. I don't know what I'm going to end up doing, I feel like I'm in a kind of a purgatory situation. Yeah, I guess that's the thing to remember is that if I if I'm in purgatory, so are the rest of us, so I don't have to worry about being disconnected. so one thing I'm doing is that I think I can share. responsibly is that I'm dipping my toe into just helping out with uh local politics here in LA, like uh Josh Andrewski has a whole like plan to uh take over the uh La City Council and I want to be part of it, so that's one thing I'm doing, but that's not this, it's something else. Yeah, Kim Stanley Robinson is much. more optimistic than younger people, and I think that's because that chronological relationship to decay, like if you've seen the... if you've ever seen that and live through it, i think it gives you a certain faith in the viability of institutions to conform to human desires, through conventional politics, but the thing is, i don't think that that means that that's wrong, even, i think the assumption that oh, now we're right, we see things. clearer isn't necessarily true because there's every incentive if you've only seen bad things happen to make an opposite wrong assumption that only bad things can happen that there's some sort of like uh that there is no possibility in action for anything good to happen and that's not true but that's the conclusion you sort of subconsciously reach living through the 21st century is i've never been to assume the worst, but that's not logic, that is a motivated reasoning around your trauma, just as the older generation adheres to faith and systems that have benefited them, and that they can understand, they can feel like the they can feel the the ghost of democracy still sort of humming in them, and that doesn't mean anybody is right or wrong. It means that from one position or another of faith in systems, you still have to fucking do something, you are still required to make a leap forward, and if everyone is making that leap and they're moving in the same direction because they're fucking paying attention to one another, they're communicating with one another, they're operating out of a shared project, they're not just trying to impose their own conceptual schemas onto the world and telling people that they have to take them or leave them. is it that you you'll have people grabbing hands across the abiss of ignorance that exist on both sides and that warp our understanding of the moment no matter where we are, there's nothing that makes anything clearer, the trauma and fear make you want to just end it, make you want to just drive into pure narcissistic is self-indulgence because you figure itl. be over soon? well, that isn't a rational conclusion, that is a deeply indulgent conclusion, that is you trying to find an excuse to just take the spiritual whipped cream and just put it down your gullet. and so that's why there is this uh, i think this siren call towards nialism that says, oh, if it if I have to live with a slow steady decline for the rest of my life and things just keep getting slightly worse all the time, but my absolute position within capitalism is basically the same, like I don't turn fall off the the the map some people do, but not me, you know what I mean, like the collective subject of uh our uh, like our consumer point of view that we see reflected in culture, that like we identify with... are I you know perspective, that perspective is is always going to be there and you're and so you're imagining yourself not having fallen off, but having survived, because to fall off is to be annihilated and that's the end of all suffering. The scary option is that you're always you as things get worse, and by the end of it, you're you're someone who you now recognize would be a monster, and you don't want that to happen, but you don't have the... strength to prevent it, so you want something to intercede, you want some sudden intercession that stops the slide while you still feel like you have humanity, like you can look back on yourself as a human being, and that is the death drive, and that drives all the nialistic politics that we currently uh face, and that's the least of it is like left nialism, most of that's fake nialism anyway. like both political parties, the democrats and republicans represent uh dueling death dreams of the uh of the panicked home-owning middle class of America as they spiral into oblivion and can't reckon with it, and they're going to destroy each other, they're going to go down ricket bock falls like more and That's all, that is not, that is, that is things will get bad for me personally. such a way that I'll keel over relatively young, and uh, globally, something's, I can always imagine something's going to come in and just snap the rains on me, like I'm not going to have to keep abiding by my position in this system as a sort of a passive consumer, a top this machinery, I'm going to have to like face face that and I'm going to have the strength. to make the right call, and I don't know if a lot of people have a lot of faith that they do, I know I don't, and so there's this uh hope that something will just erupt, that that's there will be some sudden, and I think that's i mean of course I'm just seeing that everywhere because that's my personal. frame of reference, but like my relationship to like my hypochondria really feels like just a nested connection to my relationship towards like the apocalypse and like the the terminal decline of the system, it's like these things are sort of linked, like they they like the uh recognition of both of them gives me permission to uh to be be self-destructive. I think peace comes with a resolution of those sense of uh, those senses of like narcissistic attachment to a project, I think that's how you detach yourself from that cycle, so that uh, so that what you really are experiencing in your life and and and everywhere is not filtered through this like hysterical lens. because the consequences are not so terrifying, the thought of like dying, the thought of your understanding of yourself and your relationship to the world ending is not uh the thing that sort of chases the edge of your vision and drives you towards distraction. but yeah, we have a social hypochondria, we're looking for the cancer and and it's and because it's a middle class movement, it's democrats and republicans, that cancer is either white supremacy, and it's demographic excretions or uh, or the the other, the non-white other. Of course that's easy for me to say I have that so well of course. "this is a you know getting a lot of boss baby vibes from this, but i really do think at the end of the day that's what we're all doing, we're all just pigging out our our map of the world that we have shaped from our own shadow and then try to fit it into like a jigsaw with everybody else's, and then uh technology should be. ideally utilized to facilitate that uh that search of for alignment, and that's the capacity that we have, and it's insanely frustrating and and horrifying to see it fail to be utilized as such, but which is currently in the hands of this algorithm that is uh antithetical to the short-term survival of the human race, not, and when I say that, I don't mean like they're all going to die, just like what we think of as a human being is going to die, and it's going to be replaced by something worse, until it isn't there anymore, recognizably, and at every point. of crisis and and declention and and uh and seismic shift downward uh in expectations of of life, experience. People are always going to be shaped in their reactions to that by the social forces that surround them. Yeah, I absolutely understand. now in a way that I never thought I would, the uh, the post 60's turn inward on the left, because it is like the rational response to defeat, like people, like the the hippies had to deal with the fact that they all sold out right, and that's why their kids were all phobic of selling out because they saw what it had done to their parents, just hollowed them out, but the fact is is that. in the absence of any real social movement, in the failure for the counterhegemonic forces, cultural and material to cohere around any kind of meaningful uh resistance to capitalism as it is imposing itself on the uh in the 1970s, the failure for that to come together meant that the choice was to either sell out or bat your head against the wall. uh in a romantic self-annihilation. now some people did that, but the thing is most people over time aren't going to do that. most people battered and and and twisted by their material relationship, by their life experience, by their intersection with culture and hegem, hegem rather. they will take the deal, and one way of coping with that deal is to say, okay, well if we all can't get out of there, if we all can't change this, if we're all stuck in this thing, how will we live with it, how will we cope with it, and if you can't change anything else, you can only then change yourself. it is, it's it's the final realization when hegemoneny has been uh imposed. yeah, if people want to understand what neoliberalism is, neoliberalism is just hegemonic. global capitalism, let's say that, because throughout the 20th century, you can identify global like western capitalism, specifically anglo-american capitalism after World War II, as currents of hegemany in a global system, but as part of a system of hegemonies rising and falling, one of them being the soviets, the the third world is, I mean the uh, I'm sorry. the non-aligne movement, developmentalists, all this stuff, like that's all part of this relatively heterodox responses, the entire world is structured into the world system of capitalism and has to adapt to that, they're all creating different localies to geminees and they fight each other out, and that's the 20th century until 1989 when uh capitalism becomes fully hegemonic, and I would say that... "the crisis of the 70s is when global capitalism, it distinct from like all the currents that made it up when it came out of the new deal uh coalition politically uh achieves total uh uh hegemony over the working class which had been part of the democratic party like a significant uh power arrangement within the democratic coalition that" had independent authority that it asserted culturally and politically, that existed from the 30s until the late 60s, it breaks up in the wild cat strikes of the 70s and then you see American domestically neoliberalism emerging, which is hegemonic, global capitalism, which has liquified now the political machine in a way that it hadn't before. and then once 10 years later the uh the bomb the so you get the volker shock and then the fall of the Soviet Union as a as like the echo. cascade of that decision within a within a year, within a decade, and then even an exterior, global hegemani doesn't exist, there is only neoliberalism, it's just imagine all of the institutions that used to exist to channel uh, political economy away from profit maximization, all the things that used to exist to to bureaucratically inforce a redistribution of uh profit away from private hands and back into a uh public like a uh a citizenhood, a citizenship, a group of a polity, like some redistribution of profits that have been extracted economic sphere compelled in the economic sphere, because it's a perfect machine for uh exstorting surplus uh labor, it extorts surplus labor with machine like uh grace, it there used to be institutions, the kinds of things that emerge out of the uh the double uh um poliani is... uh notion of social formations that come out of this disruptions of capitalism, there's these cultural structures, political economic, redistributive structures that emerge out of the the new deal, and then the post the kensian state after World War II that uh, that facilitated a degree of social cohesion that are now dead letters. that no longer rail, and that's the difference, the impulse was always there, capitalism was always there in the background doing this, but it's uh, it's profit imperative had been disrupted by this social imposition in the form of our political institutions, which had a degree of legitimacy, and actual decision making apparatus of power and coordination of action that essentially harnessed capitalism. but those institutions burned out in the in the big uh social disruption of the 60s which is the inevitable byproduct of such a rapid uh reorientation of uh human experience like you're creating an entirely new type of human being from scratch. You're creating a uh mediated consumer subject where their relationship to uh the actual position they have within capitalism is fully obscured by all of the social technology and infrastructure that we rely on to make sense of the world and to navigate it and assign value to things in the first place, and that's why anything that has to that will emerge to challenge, this this uh this self-destructive. machinery that is programmed now to annihilate its own social foundations that cannot be stopped from within uh, it's only opposition can come from new uh formations, counter hegemonic forces emerging from local struggle. Yeah, I i'm uh, I'm rooting for G, apparently they're going to let that giant... uh real estate conglomerate just go bankrupt, they're not going to rescue it, i thought they might nationalize it, but maybe there isn't there anything there to nationalize like it might all just be like speculative paper so there really isn't anything for them to to see control of and so they're just going to let it evaporate and if they do oh if they do that that's baller yeah of course npr was trying to manufacture consent for not letting it fail no shit of course they were. If I wanted to uh ever sketch out my like most fantastic vision of of of like human salvation like my most indulgent notion of of how uh how we as a as a species could like get our shit together you know like. Get on the same page uh, it would be the newly energized and desperate working classes of of the the downwardly mobile uh people of all identity persuasions in America uh working through. their uh local conditions as tenants but and workers uh and eventually like a idea of citizenship that b that comes out of that struggle uh could then reach across the water to the to the straining uh working class of China and then grasp that and then the pink tide of of uh of self-conscious working class politics and mass politics in Latin America, they reach across and then in the Pacific Ocean where the garbage patch once was, is a a a new transnational uh globalized uh techno proletariat is able to uh engage with all of the crises of uh terminal capitalism from a position of uh of maximized human leverage against the algorithm and be able to just pry that tick like uh a parasitic mass of uh of of real power holders because we do live under a reign of techno fascism right where the the fascism is invisible, it's not social the way that fascism was originally and why it's not a good word to use really. because it's all invisible, it's all technologicalized, but it's not, the technology is partially uh, material, you know, your the panoptic and and the techno surveillance and the drone army and and uh, AI and all that shit, but a lot of it is the tech, the social technology of coersion and consent that get us to just do what the they tell us to do every day, and that'... can change, that is moldable, that's controllable, if people are able to coordinate activity using the technology that they do have access to, and then make up for their lack of funds with their demographic advantage. Yeah, who knows? Who can ever know? No man can know the hour of the day. knowing isn't the point, believing is the point. i don't know, maybe the supply chain is gonna snap and all the treats are going to run out and everything is going to change tomorrow, who fucking knows and it's 1917. over again, that can be the thing you imagine happening to stave off anxiety, the interesting to see how the brits respond to the return of austerity, because you can see in the British psychy since World War II, the trauma, so the U.S. our ruling elite, and then the the middle class voters who make up like the the nerve stem of our mass politics, such that it exists in the form of you know the the collected consumer preferences of American voters, was all forged by World War II, but for World War II for a... Americans was collectively remembered as this pretty unallowed triumph, relatively few Americans died, no damage really was done to the United States at all, in fact industry was allowed to boost and overtime and create this mass, mass, this unprecedented mass prosperity that had never existed in America before. and then everybody came home and got a house and it was great, in uh, the UK, they got bombed, the country got the shit bombed. out of it, there was a risk they all thought they were going to get invaded the whole time, they kept having to go into the subway, wait for the bombs to drop, and then their economy was deeply shocked in the 50s in a way that the US wasn't uh, and so you had this prolongation of wartime rationing because they had less of an economic base at that point than the US did, because it had been fucking blown up and they were net importers by that point anyway, whereas the US was a fucking uh surplus producer by that point. and so I think that creates these dueling uh memories of World War II and dueling like associations with that high point in American uh uh virtue basically like the definition of when America was at its heat peak was this rising to the challenge this national project the last time we could really think of a unified America and that's what these guys have in their heads for the British there is a where where where suffering is like yearned for as like a mark of virtue, americans don't really have that, they talk a big game about being tough, but at the end of the day they do not value any idea of austerity, none of them even the mos even mega people, like none of them are in favor of austerity, americans are like the party kegs we we have no reason to ever suffer like oh we had to build a fucking there was some mild rationing and you had to like build a garden but then afterwards you get to buy a fucking packard the size of a tank whereas some British guy is like tooling around in a thing made of press board dying a black long after his fucking uh after he was like inhaling smoke clearing out a bombed uh bombed 12th century cathedral. and so like Brexit has always had this part of that appeal I think has been this sort of wistful return of the idea of a fortress uh where common common struggle and common pain bring with it social cohesion but we're a different people now and that's what they that's what that politics fails to recognize and that's what right populism will all is fail to recognize is that what you're trying to reinforce is a a reactionary social vision linked uh to the dying memories of a precarious uh petty bourgeois affiliated class, so all they can think to do is strike out at the things that they think are preventing this uh, it's return. It's like all people think can think to do in the US is is not get the vaccine, we're all in the tailwind of these two, these two faces of of small holder American uh identity, the people who thought the 60s were groovy. the people thought the 60s were a drag, retroactively of course, that nothing, nothing to do with how they thought at the time, has to see how they remember it culturally. so that's why the British are the sickest people in the entire world, we are soul sick, but they are an extra level because they've they have been uh, I mean that's that's where the fucking pathogen spread, like that's where it, that's where the the aids monkey got eaten was England, like that's where capitalism emerges, it's a very specific time and place, it's a historical contingency, it's response to uh, conditions of conflict and uh over resources in uh in in early modern Europe. so yeah, the way to the way to detach from that is to say, it doesn't matter, the 60s were not good or bad, they were, the 60s were given the conditions of the time, the array of forces, the overall. of of of a interdicting geographic and media structuring of reality on top of America's class relationship, building suburbs and ghettos and creating mass media and institutions of like mass awareness like uh like the uh the news. like journalism like the very like that going from paper to uh visual to to to creating this this simulacrum of America that you could interact with for a good portion of your day, I mean that changes people's relationship to their reality, and all this is filtered on top of the basic, real class relationships, but they're not felt through all. these uh baffles and so when you get to the crisis uh point of the late 60s, all the forces are arrayed orthogonally to class, they're arrayed along moral lines, and bourjois, self-conceptions, among whites of course, there's a actual like a black liberation movement, is internally coherent and has driven by connection to working class movement in a way that isn't true of the new left more broadly, but all of them failed to cohere, the traditional working, the traditional labor movement, the the the black radical tradition, and the new left failed to go here, because they were fundamentally different. people, like, I mean, they they were not workers, they were not people within a position related to capitalism, they were home owners, they were people with a relationship to ideas of race and gender and uh nationality, they were those things before they were ever workers, no matter what they actually did, whatever line part of the line they were on this, so that defined their relationship to politics, to challenging for power in the moment, and a big part of that is because in the immediate aftermath of World War II, the left was checked everywhere, and this is a victory a a signal victory in the long-term struggle. to the defeat of the left more broadly, but no one knew that at the time, because their self-interest within the systems they inhabited overroad any broader awareness of the moment, because things that failed to cohere, and i would say that the x factor that made the fail to cohere is America's uh frontier, the ability for... for Europe to find an escape valve to resolve the contradictions that emerge socially from the emergence of capitalism in Europe and and find synthetic out uh a synthetic application of those principles on the easily contested land of North America. because it was in America where the left was uh, was neutered out of the out of the uh anti-fascist coalition, there was a popular front between the left, all the way to the communist party of Russia. through to uh new deal democrats who were not communists, people who were communists maybe and some who thought of themselves maybe as like marxists but did not fellow travelers they were called all the way to conventional democrats we're all on the same page and then as soon as those shared uh interests began to diverge uh crisis decision points emerge. and there was not a coordinated enough, effective global left to compete for them, and I think that's a historically continent event, because it depends on other things happening the way they do, like does that happen if the reconstruction occurs differently, do we have the weight of the United States tipping so decisively towards the reaction? if its institutions are shaped differently following the crisis of the civil war. if the constitutional order is challenged from a democratic, a grassroots democratic uh political machinery, which can contest for power more easily, because capitalism at this point is very nacent in its social structure. it is an imperative, but it is imperative that is enforced by social cohesion that is non. capitalist and is subject to uh to uh a resistance emerging, and I think there's there are not just like one or another worlds, there's gradients all throughout, because all these are are just... every outcome is is in the middle of a range of possibilities, that means all the other possibilities are resent are represented in reality somewhere and could have been real and are real theoretically. Oh. when i was listing all the things that were uh militating against the emergence of effective working class uh political expression in the 60s uh it's not just oh they got treats and they got tv and all that there is also the emergence of the national security state to emerge as a extra democratic technological uh weapon to uh carry out the like the directly comparative demands of capitalism, the stuff that could not be allowed to go up for a debate, could not could not allow the humoring mechanisms and rituals of democracy to uh intrude, this is the shit where I was saying, there's coersion and then there's consent, and things like elections and and legislation and degrees of social uh safety net expense and social welfare and bureaucracy and and regulation, all these things, they're all uh, there to the extent that they can afford to be indulged, because it doesn't really matter, this is basically haggling with the... people, what will you put up with? okay, fine, but some demands are off the table, and they have to be, that has to be enforced not by the market place of ideas or by the political mechanisms being allowed to go un checked, but by a strict, rigid enforcement of boundaries in all legal and extra legal forms from a position that is removed from democratic accountability, that's the important thing to emphasize is that the national security. state created uh by the Truman administration and then solidified by Eisenhower, is effectively unaccountable to go uh to democratic institutions of any kind, democratic oversight of any kind, that means that they operate a government that is independent of democratic will, so whose will is it carrying out? the united states of America, that is to these people the... of a system of systems, a system of distribution of resources, a system of distribution of power geographically, that thing has interesnable, and they can then be imposed to the degree that they need to be, now how far that goes, No, it is a factor though, it's one of those things that we had to contend with. All I know is uh we got we got what we want we got the blessing or is the curse may we live in interesting times it's all shits in the air man feel like I'm riding a time quake. I feel like I'm in like the the pre-shock. See somebody says how come ho, this is a perfect example of how difficult this is to talk about and get anywhere. How come holding owning a house is bad? Why is this a question? what does this have to do with anything? these are individual moral questions, you can get, you can put your head up your ass for a decade trying to justify, well, am i in this specific condition justified in exercising the capitalist framework of home purchasing, that's not that is between you and god. talking about home ownership is in this way is meant to understand why why? uh why politics unfolds the way it does, what the interests are that dominate politically? and interests are self interests, it's just the difference between political subjects is comes down to what their definition of self-interest is, so good and bad doesn't enter into it, you will find a justification for owning a house if you really want one, no matter how left you are, if the conditions obtain, you will make the decision. that it's good to do, and with all of these things, if there's a condition where it's good to do it, and even abstractly, then it's good to do it, and stop fucking freaking out about it, because it's all bourgeois, morality policing, it's it's the ritual self abnegation at the puritan heart of of liberal sanctimony, which is an ally occasionally in a broader left project and is a necessary component of it unfortunately. but should not be allowed to just dominate every thought you have in your head. now the politics that people pursue because of that self-interested as a home-owner are bad, they're bad politics because the agenda is: at the expense of others, it's it's it's using the state to provide a free subsidy for one way of life at the at the punishment and and emiseration of people uh in another area, in another geographic area, like make robbing them in order to to using the state to make up for the shortfall in rising wages by cannibalizing from social outlay to anybody else and and it through uh the market in the form of uh mortgage interest deductions and shit like that, but them choosing that will happen if there isn't a left alternative, if there isn't a uh a class-based social formation that can challenge that person for their allegiance. because that allegiance is up for grabs, people can change their understanding of of uh self-interest, it's not immutable, it's just it expresses itself sort of demographically in a bell curve, like everything else. most people are relatively committed to it, to selfishness, no matter what their politics are, because it's what we've all been told is the only thing that's real for Christ's sake. We've spent our entire lives getting only benefit, only only selfish pleasure, only able to genuinely pursue selfish ends, not not rewarded in any way for pursuing self-lisence, and hook to uh into a decision. that disallow us for cooperative action, it it's it, it it socializes you against cooperating. All right, well that was all right, I guess, the wheel in the sky keeps on turning, I don't know what I'll do tomorrow. Bye-bye.