 lift a good job in the city working or a man every night and day but i ever saw the goods out of a city till I took. ride on the river boat queen good meal keep on turning proud Mary hit down rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling on the river rolling on the river seen a lot of things in memphis humped a lot of stain down in the new olds and I never saw a goods out of a city till I hitch the right on the river boat queen big well keep on turning it oh proud Mary keep on burning and we're rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling on the river rolling on the river. Hey everybody, so I just got over covid, I don't know if I ever had it before, because I never tested positive for it, but you know who knows, uh, but I had a cough like last week, pretty deep cough and I took one of those home tests and it immediately turned bright blue, like it wasn't a question, so I'm going to assume that that is correct, and I took it a few more times over the course of the week and uh, you know, it faded away. and yesterday I took it and uh and it was gone so I'm I'm through the crucible and I got to say I understand that long covid is a thing, there's no question that it is a phenomenon, who knows exactly what it is, but I think short covid also has to be a thing, because I definitely had that uh, I had a cough for like two days, uh, that was really kind of it in terms of symptoms, uh, a little bit of a stuffy nose, and uh, I'm fine, like I feel exactly the same. as I did before, like I feel fine, now my immune system might be trashed by this because it does look like there is some sort of significant uh immune compromising factor here with this stuff when we're looking at this explosion of um uh RSV and and influenza and stuff and I might very well be just owned but right now I feel pretty fortunate to feel like uh I kicked the shit out of covid but it did make me think so there's all these people. these uh conspiracy theories about where covid comes from, right? and what's really interesting is that all of them uh, like and it shows the the deficiency in a lot of ways of the conspiratorial mindset, the way that when what you're doing is you are looking for something to make sense of the world in a way that you want it to make sense, and that uh some conscious yearning is going to shape anything that you encounter, like if you want to talk. about the idea that that COVID is some sort of manufactured thing, if you want to do a basic cubono, the answer is not, oh uh, the world economic forum made covid so that people would be okay with working from home uh and you know not owning a house or whatever great reset shit that is happening anyway that we are all a saying to already because what is the alternative? "we're all going to do this stuff anyway, these forces are way larger than any specific phenomenon and our ability to resist them is nonexistent, so why this extra push? what does it do? oh, it makes money. oh, i think they're going to make money no matter what, that's the whole deal is that the system exists to make money for these people. the uh, explanation that makes sense though, is you got guys like Bill Gates who genuinely do talk a lot about how concerned they are. about the long-term viability of the planet, specifically because of climate change, which they of course connect, not to the fossil fuel regime as such, which they are meshed in and cannot extricate themselves from, but overpopulation, and we know that guys like Bill Gates love going to Africa and giving everybody - circumcisions, you know, and also birth control, uh, much more plausible, just if you're. which we're all doing when we're conspiracizing shit because looking at fucking youtube videos and connecting uh things that different rich people have said into a mosaic is not evidence of anything. if you're but if you're starting from a basic premise, the real meaningful basic premise, the one that like actually would make sense is uh covid released as a uh as a population reducer, you know, not something that is going to kill off a bunch of people very quickly because that would undermine the economic structures that these people depend on, but something that over time will just start churning out, kicking killing a lot of people earlier than they might otherwise. died uh in the in the in the fat imperial core too where you know there's a lot of people who are gonna right now the prospect of them sitting in on retirement for 20 years sucking off uh social security is just horrifies and and puts into cold sweats our elite uh and something that like once you get it will over time destroy your immune system so that everyone's not dying at once but people are going to die earlier. then they otherwise would have, that is an actual solution for climate change and for all the other uh uh long-term problems that our system is incapable of addressing, without the systemic change the people in power do not want and cannot even contemplate, and it certainly makes the the uh Bill Gates's refusal to allow uh co vaccine technology to the third world make more sense, that's one that never ever made sense for the people who are like, oh no, COVID is made up, but the... vaccine is going to kill you, well then why the hell aren't people like, why the hell weren't people like uh Bill Gates dying to put as many vaccines into the people who we already know they want to call as possible, why are they saying no, keep the vaccines from them, if that's what they want, it never made sense, why not? because what they wanted was to not have to do anything, what they wanted was to keep going to applebeast, to keep their freedom, whatever the fuck that meant, and their brilliant conspiracy theory that sees the lies is at the end of the day just a recapitulation of the programming that they've gotten from the fucking consumer economy in the first place. in fact i can imagine a world economic forum uh davos meeting you know in underneath a mountain in switzerland when they've got bill gates and all the other legion of evil and like okay we're going to release the covid it's going to spread endemically through the population in 18 months and then you've got you maybe um one of those minions raises their hand and they go i don't what if there's a containment and the like no we have we can depend that the freedom-loving people of the west will reject any meaningful uh anti-pandemic measures guaranteeing full penetration, so the people who are think they're fighting the conspiracy are actually carrying out its will, which is to spread the thing as much as possible so that collectively our immune systems get wrecked and uh we start over time becoming less of a drag on the economy. and of course, I don't think that's true either, I don't fucking know at the end of the day, none of us can, but at least that has an internal coherence, the problem is, the reason none of these conspiracy people talk like that is because that means COVID is actually a big deal that you should try to avoid, and that goes against their freedom, that goes against their identity of themselves, which they think is real and authentic, not a very a product of the very system that is yes trying to kill all of us. so who knows, we'll see, we'll see how badly my immune system got wrecked. i feel pretty good right now, i have to say, but i do think it's very funny to uh, yeah, to imagine like instead of the conspiracy mindset being the last hope of you know western uh freedom and and independence in the face of global homo uh conspiracy, it's actually that... reaction is key to the fulfillment of the conspiracy, and I'm not saying this is true, I don't fucking know, but I'm saying to me, that is more internal consistency than this childish idea that COVID was made up to make us assent to stuff that we are going to assent to anyway, because what else are we going to do? It's tiptoing around the unspeakable reality that there is no resistance, there can be no resistance. because what what can you even do at your um greatest hope is vote for one of the two major parties who will uh condescend to your cultural fixations we'll see though, i mean in the in the in the next couple years we'll see exactly uh how this plays out and I don't know I'm now I now have skin in the game if I didn't before because I've got those little guys in me now and they've they're doing their work on my on my... white blood cells and everything else. China trying to China, it's being revealed now that for all of our hopes and a lot of us had put hopes in China as like an alternative system that had more capacity than the the uh western capitalist. they were limited uh we could either we did not have the capacity to do full vaccinations uh and mitigating uh regiments neither did they turns out because they did not vaccinate people while they were been doing uh uh the zero covid stuff which is one of the reasons it's going to go it's now going to just go crazy through the population now that they're uh they've they've reached the limit of their population's willingness to accede, which you need for this stuff to work. and there's a question of how much that's going to affect supply change in in the very near future. yeah, covid-0 is as impossible as in one country is as impossible uh as socialism is one country indeed. very much the case, yeah, uh, well speaking of China, I did read the first uh part of uh the three body problem and a few chapters of the next part, uh, so all the stuff in the cultural revolution, so the aliens haven't shown up yet, which I'm assuming they will at some point, uh, but I am enjoying it, the pros isn't that great, but what are you going to expect out of a translation of a foreign language, especially? one that's as idiomatically distinct from English as Chinese uh, but the ideas are very interesting, and you know the cultural revolution is a way to start, I mean that that's a hell of a introduction, you know, because that was wild, wasn't it, the uh the culture revolution, and if you take it, the cultural revolution, and you do what you have to do with anything, which is any phenomenon which is connected to what's going on globally at that time, which... is one of the great failings of our way of understanding our own history, you can see this global mental breakdown, basically of the educated classes everywhere in the world, in the face of the techn the bringing into imenence of global capitalism buse the the culture revolution is part of this revolt against the incoming uh dehumanization that everyone could feel was in the air uh everyone from yeah the the the crazy multitudes of of uh students in revolutionary china all the way up to the absolutely insane presidents that the United States had during that period uh Richard Nixon and uh uh Linda and Johnson at every level people were finding the limit of what they thought of as their own human will, their ability to assert a human will on the world uh and finding that that limitation was uh that that the border of that limitation was this new technological structure and people resisted, tried to punch through it in any way they could, and that varied from culture to culture. uh, parenthetically, by the way, uh, to this end, I think uh, I should say that one of the books that I uh was most useful to me personally in uh doing the 30 years war podcast uh research is a book by uh historian Jeffrey Parker called. global crisis which uh is a history of the mid-17th century uh that covers every part of the globe to some extent or another where there is sufficient records for a narrative to be uh to be sussed uh and thinking that way shows the degree to which yeah ecological factor. and also the way that our response to crisis generates mechanisms of of coping that have impacts far beyond anything that we can conceive of and that the world that we're making is one that is going to be alien to ourselves uh and that the people who are going to be there who we think of as you know our our descendants are going to be aliend to us in a way that is terrifying and we respond to that terror with - are with an attempt to take matters into our own hands, at least those of us who are arrayed in a certain place, poised between the full oppression and inertia of of the at this point by the by the mid 60s, the still real uh rural life and the uh the urban existence which gives people a sense that is largely illusory of their own power over their destinies and of the of the world around them, and you can see throughout the world, the 60s as this as this crisis of recognition of of the limitations that we have and our ability to control what's going on around us, and in the three-body problem, I thought um, that's well illustrated, they do a good, she does a good job with that, uh, and silent spring, the the racial carsons book, which is featured in that section, when the the young student to is sent down sent to log, the countryside after her father's beaten to death during a struggle. session for being a revisionist uh reactionary because he believes in relativity theory is given a copy of silent spring by Rachel Carson and you know the the gist of that book is how - the pursuit of mastery undermines our ability to uh to make a world that we can now because it is underm. structures that we are assuming taking for granted uh to build on top of and uh for those of you who haven't read it, she ends up after uh writing a letter on behalf of a uh journalist who wants to tell the local political authorities, hey stop logging this, this is you know we're just destroying our own environment uh he frames her for it and then she gets uh uh sent up to the countryside or i'm sorry she gets taken to jail but then uh because she is a physics a physics student sent to a mysterious uh mountaintop military installation where they got a big antenna that's doing something and we don't know what it is. uh and then they cut to the future 40 years later and uh physics scientists are killing themselves uh and no one knows why so that's where i am now that's as far as i got and i got to say like i said the the the pros isn't that great but the ideas are very uh interesting and i'm going to keep reading it certainly but right now i don't really i don't know what to make of it really i'm waiting for the aliens to show up uh but there's a line in it where they're talking about the one of the scientists who's killed himself and they uh they wrote their suicide note physics is not real and it can never be real uh and that that hits because i've been thinking more and more about about that the unreality of the world uh i think i've talked on here before about the Nobel Prize winning work on uh physics the nobel prize for physics I talked about that. uh, how there's no local reality? haven't been able to get that out of my head since I read about it, there is no uh independent existence to objects outside of their observation, and uh, if there is no uh remote control over the world that we live in uh. and that makes me think of you know the as there's a reference in the book to how the quantum wave collapses upon observation like you go from the matter is both part. and wave until it is observed at which point it collapses in a particle. the stuff is all designed to drive you crazy because we do feel fully controlled by a system right? like we've talked about before like the 60s was this revolt against this controlling mechanism that we were defeated by, but it's not real. none of it is real, uh, what makes it real is our belief in the consequences of it, if we did stop believing in the consequences of the system that that as it presents itself and as we're constituted of, they would no longer have power over us. and that's why you know we have we all are inevitably forced to find some sort of extra scientific narrative to place ourselves in, but which one right? that's the challenge, which fucking one? the more people believe in it, the more. people, the more real it is, that's just that, that's just the fact, and a cult could have the same power for the members of it, that that a established religion can, because the intensity of belief is is proportional to how committed the people within it are to maintaining that reality. but we are in bodies, that's the problem, we are in bodies and it is the illusory persistence of the physical that prevents us from transcending it, but like the spirit that animates the life of a uh of a body is definition eternal right, and the physicality is limited, it's getting attached to the body that makes us enslaved really to uh, a system that is dependent upon manipulating our sensory preferences. but the real joke is is that we don't really have to do anything, we don't have to move, like this thing moves through us and it's only. when we understand that that we do not have to do anything, that we are actually free to act meaningfully, because as long as we are acting to validate a religious conception of the good, some other that's going to decide we did the right thing, which is implicitly premised on a matrix of punishment and reward, then we are slave to the same mechanisms that the material world uses to keep up. compliant, because those systems of reward and punishment are generated by class society, only with the understanding of that we are universally saved, whatever that means we can't know, but one way or another, it is nothing to fear, this is the important part, the transit the transition of states is not one of judgment. and punishment, it is a uh, it is being brought into a knowledge and an understanding of something vaster than an individual contained human perspective can conceive of, and the fear that that will involve punishment and that will... involve uh your choices being, your bad choices being brought back to you in some form, that is an artifact of religion's inextricable link to the... production under which they're reproduced, because as I said before, that is the ultimate justification for social structures is that they can provide salvation as though there is an alternative to salvation, if there is no alternative, if there is no other state, some state of damnation, whatever, however we conceive of it, even if you're an easterner, you believe in reincarnation, then these systems are justified then the miseries that they create are justified, the division, the internal and and division within a person and between people is is justified, and any act you perform, even if you are fully embracing a religious conception that transcends the physical will be reinstituting and recapitulating the imperative of a class society to separate the uh the sheep from the goats. the only meaningful act can come after you've dispensed with that, after that fear has been eliminated. if there is no reward. for good action and no punishment for bad action, well then what do you do? now of course, traditional religion says, if you get to that point you'll just do bad stuff, but people do bad things to suit the whole, to sooit the pain, to sooit the fear, to sooit the separation that they sense that that cannot be uh transcended by the reality of life in the black iron prison. from the trauma that has been inflicted upon them, to use a over-used word, the desire to to inflict what has been inflicted upon, but that desire is embedded in a sense of injustice that one has suffered in one's only life, and that that suffering will constitute one's eternal experience, if that's not the case, if that suffering is part of a universal process of information gathering basically, like all the things that happen to everyone and every act everyone can performs in the world is building a knowledge that is processed not here, but elsewhere in that 90% of the universe that is un-observable. 90% of the universe is unobservable, what's going on in there? what i think is that the actions, the these the subjective experiences of life are turned into a uh a greater understanding this? is some people like to talk about simulation theory, but that is to me just begging the question, because you're always assuming some simulator, and we i think there are gods out there that we have created, and they have real power because we believe in them, that includes the simulation robot and roco's basilisk and all this bullshit that uh, rational people have used to try to recreate God without spiritual. they're all real to some extent, but they are just faces, just mirrors of our own understanding that we as grounded and limited and finite beings cannot transcend in life and cannot communicate to ourselves or between one another, but that process is occurring, and our actions are occring towards not. which means that we are that there's no punishment, why? what would be the point? everything that is happening has to happen, every act has to occur, it's all part of a necessary process, and with that as a base, action can be based on love and not fear. It's the only way I can really be based on love and not fear at this point when we've killed the sacred and we cannot ritually reinscribe our felt understanding of this stuff where we're sort of left to try to individually re rebuild rebuild it in ourselves, which is which is very difficult and which has led us to a a species-wide despair. it's also why, as I've said before, trying to resurrect old religious notions, oh we just all need to be catholic, yeah, okay, good luck, we just, we just need a extinct form of social structure and control that related to extinct uh mode of production, the whole point here is that you cannot go backward, and the question of what is to be done can only be answered when you know why you're acting, and if it is to make, if it is to save the world, it's not going to work, if it's to save yourself, that's not going to work. Those categories are bound up in in a fear-based compulsion matrix, a skinner box made by uh the fictional finitude that dominates our minds. That's why I think that. whatever religious conception is going to alloy to, humanity's attempt to survive, the coming and currently existing crisis is not going to be some concepts that we already have, they're going to be fully new, they're going to have to be because they're going to be describing new ways of being that are going to be people acting out of necessity and love, not, that's not all people are going to be acting out of, of course, there's going to be the the the terror is going to drive horrifying violence, but there will always be allowed within that uh, the desire to save not onesself, but to save others, others. not as reflections of you, but as their own end, and there's going to have to be a vocabulary to make sense of why you would do that, and it can't be christianity, because that will so easily be co-opted by structures of uh, of warlordism and just as all other religious structures will, existing ones. and besides, the only live lived, spiritually vibrant monotheistic religion left is Islam, as I've said, but it's wired into the same thing, like I think really had had it pegged when he in the in the war on terror era. when he pointed out that the muslim fundamentalism was not some sort of medieval uh reaction to the modern but was in fact modernity itself coming to places that had uh until that point avoided it. maybe some uh... Maybe suphiism, maybe the sufis will will be able to uh construct something out of the rubble that can uh, that can speak to love, that can accept universal salvation as the first premise and move from there. like we are a simulation, but we are part, we are one simulation among infinite simulations, all of which generated just by life by the fact that zero can only persist for so long before the one pops up and it keeps popping up and it keeps popping up and life continues. and there is a residual accumulation that is accumulated here and then but in a process of creation and destruction and then there is a residue collected elsewhere, i guess that's where my religious belief, like my thing that i cannot uh put a rational mind, because i can talk you know vaguely about oh you know quantum this and blah blah blah and you know uh relativity and consciousness as circling a black hole, i think that's all true, but it's also facil and it it's not anything that could be proved anyway, but i my intuition. points to uh something beyond the black hole that is pulling us all towards it uh and that emerges from the other side and i think that is what life is is consciousness is a a pin prick in the fabric of reality and your birth and your death are these twin twin pin points, and then that life force is pulled from one to the other, so twined around a pillar of gravity, and as you get closer to it, it elongates, the the the subjective experience elongates, and we're scared of that, we're all terrified of what that means because we think of it now at the... in the modern era we think of it as a horrified movement towards extinction like being in an airplane that's crashing uh but you know it's not like in the air of age of like meaningful belief and religious uh vibrance uh that those people weren't terrified because they were all afraid they were going to hell modernity uh creates this terror or i mean uh of the unknown and even if you are religious, there is that doubt, because there's that divide, that unbridgeable divide between you and God, something that is only can only persist under certain regimes of accumulated class rule, and technological class rule, that's very important too. but if that, if this is all part of one process, then there can be no permanent alienation of any conscious being uh from anything else, and that and that the extinguishment of a finite body is the experience of the subjective experience of being reunited and then reconstituted elsewhere. and with that as like a baseline, you can ask the question, what should i do, and not try to answer, not try to get an answer, get out of the apocalypse, avoid anniholation, avoid death, uh, avoid one or other bad outcome, because those bad outcomes are baked in, they've already happened in a sense. what we have control of is uh is how we relate to other people, that's it, and this is all a bunch of you know new age sounding bullshit, but all i can speak from is my own experience and how badly i treated people when i was fully in denial of uh the existence of spirituality and terrified and every moment of my life of dying, but spending all of my energy trying to ignore the fear, but it did not stay ignored, it came out, it came out in moment, cyclical panic attacks and it came out in uh depression, and it came out in a cycle of sort of casual cruelty that of course I never. intended, I spent a lot of time trying to thinking about how I wanted to be a good person, how I wanted to be good, how I tried to contrast myself from people that I thought were bad, which is just that is secular calvinism, and staying alive is being elect. And now I have to deal with you know my residual guilt for that behavior and that time and what I did, but what i can't do is act from an assumption that there has to be some sort of one for one atonement because that that's a selfish desire to deny the reality of unity and and that the subjective uh finite life that i'm living. is a part of a process, trying to imagine full restitution is trying to deny that and trying to create that eternal self, and the eternal self really is the thing that's the the dream of the eternal self, the the the belief in the eternal self, first it was uh spiritual and then became ' now it's technological uh is is what is going to damn this uh particular iteration of humanity to anniholation uh because it started off as a survival mechanism uh you had the first great expansion of settled societies along the eurasian belt. and in the places where life was most facned, you had religious conceptions that accepted the cyclical nature of life, but out in the the eurasian hinterland where smaller groups were in constant conflict with one another, survival dictated bending out and breaking off that circle into a staircase. and it had the effect, it worked, it it it motivated people to defend to to fight, to to hold their own uh, social structures together, the face of uh opponents, but once it becomes overawing and dominating, then we have surrendered our control. to technology, we surrender our souls really to a fantasy, of being ourselves forever in heaven and then in the fucking singularity or whatever the hell, and that's sad and depressing in one sense, because we're living through it, but it's just It's it's like a barber pole, you know, you got the white and the red stripes and they turn, and for a while, it looks like the world is just one color, and then it turns and it looks like it's the other one, but it's the whole time it's all there, and that is a, that exist, the perception of life through that prism and and people moving through it. moving grasping towards things that they can't even comprehend, that's that's the uh, that's the engine of the universe, and but what it's building is something that none of us will ever be able to, as we under as we exist now, uh, encounter, but that does not mean we are not part of it, and that whatever it becomes will not include. Maybe not us as we want to be, but us as uh we need to be. Our systems are are uh our systems of belief are transcendent systems of belief that like the things that actually try to grasp beyond and make sense of of of the emiminant uh are of course uh at the mercy of our systems of uh economy of our modes of production of of the class societies that allow for religious ideas to become universalized, like it's not a coincidence that the first like set systems of belief that we still live with now that are not considered mythology start to emerge around individual thinkers and writers as the flow of construction and destruction of social structures becomes fixed around certain permanent features of exploitation, buddhism, confusionism, first where there is the greatest fecundity, and I think what what what all those are, and then the later ones, Christ, Muhammad, it's that some people uh, due to when there are emerged on earth, and specifically the the the architecture of their brains are able to. channel an energy that most people, including myself, are forced to for the most part suppress, because to not do so would to be over would be to become overwhelmed by it, and to have our ability to be functioning people annihilated, but some people just have brains have structures in their minds that can contain they take their own you know uh lives as a constant, their own subjective consciousness is as a constant and that strips from these messages the deeper knowledge that they all contain, but they cannot be communicated, at least it cannot be communicated over time, it might be communicated to individuals in their lifetime, but it cannot be communicated and uh and struck. which is that universal salvation i talked about like take Jesus Christ for example, i am, i do believe that that Christ was real and that Christ was a member of a political milieu that sought to defend the Jewish. conception of humanity, which you know uh, of of a chosen people connected by a shared conception of a a god, not a god that you uh, you now sacrifice to, and if you don't get what you want, well you find another god, a god who is always there, and that who you can fail, but who cannot fail you, because they are eternal, that this... was when they were the the Jewish people were you know subjects of a roman empire that was uh persistently dominating them and how to get over that how how to how to meaningfully resist this roman domination uh and for Christ the answer became uh i am the gate or i i am the i am the way to connect. to a god who is otherwise inscrutable and whose desires and will is unnowable to you, and who therefore, you can always be in danger of uh letting down some way, i i absolve you, i uh, have come to clear the path with the goal that people that the Jewish people would take that and and run with it, would uh would take that knowledge and use it to resist to to to repel the to Romans and to find to maintain their uh their their holiness, but most the most powerful jew members of... he probably thought that he wasn't going to go on uh to the hill, he wasn't going to get nailed to the cross, I don't think, I think he thought that God in the form of the collective belief that he had unleashed, would transform into god, like uh, an intervention, they would say no, and then they didn't, and then he went up on the hill, and then he went to the hill and he got, he got scoured, he got nailed to the cross, uh, why have you forsaken me, he says to God, then after his death, he becomes a symbol for those uh, seeking some, mechanism for life in a Roman empire that was miserable that was only the god's favor shined only on those who uh had succeeded who had been born into privilege and christianity becomes launder their sense of implication and for the poor and enslaved whose lot and life seems unchangeable, but it becomes no longer action of belief system, it becomes just something that is used to. put up with an existing way of being, an existing injustice. but it's the particular time and place that Christ emerges as one of these guys with this brain that makes christianity such a weird hybrid deal and why early. once it's adopted by the empire, splits into all these fighting tribes, because the trinity, God's son, it is not intuitive, uh, it is in a real sense perfected by another guy who shows up a little bit later in a different position, muhammad, but what allows for the synthesis there is that uh, unlike. uh judaism or unlike christianity, which is merges is this attempt to for of Jews to deal with their domination by the Romans uh Islam becomes a fait of uh universalism in the uh in a condition where those imperial forms of rule are collapsing, by the time Muhammad shows up, the sasant empire. and uh the eastern uh uh empire are fighting them each other to exhaustion and this is a a a vacuum, a real vacuum has emerged and it can be filled by people who share uh a belief, who share a certainty, and they're able to do absolutely almost supernatural feets of domination very quickly. but over time they all get poisoned, christianity gets poisoned, islam gets poisoned because they exist to perpetuate domination of one person over the other in exact contravention of the deeper understanding that all of these like holy truths are wrapped around, which is the universal oneness of everything. and that is why uh socialism is the is the concrete materialization of that uh of that uh religious insight somebody says mad if you heard of the diggers of course uh we're writing the last uh we're finishing writing the last 30 years war podcast episode the 10th episode which is about uh the and the... commonwealth, the english commonwealth and the glorious revolution, which is where it all and spoiler alert, 1688, and the diggers are fascinating because in with Win Stanley, Gerard Win Stanley, is the leading uh Digger, wrote uh the pamphlet that is like their most important document. uh, he actually anticipates Marx's analysis of class society by 200 years. He writes in his in his pamphlet whose name is fucking annoyingly. what the fuck is it called? it's called the new law of righteousness, that's it. uh, and in it he says, yeah, all these uh, Cromwell, the puritans, all these calvinists they're trying to create a godly world, they're trying to create godly institutions, but they cannot succeed because property ownership. alienates man from God in such a way that it guarantees that human relations are filled with strife, violence, lies, domination. now he's he uses religious language, but his his uh diagnosis of of uh society is essentially Marx is, I mean obviously Marx is going to use uh different a different heuristic to get there, because he has arrived at a point where belief in God the way that Wind Stanley had is no longer accessible to a educated man like Marx uh, but Wind Stanley saw the same essential flaw to all uh religious political movements that sought to maintain the social structure as it existed from Luther on, because Luther insists, yes, the princes are are are with. but people are more wicked and we have to uh, we need strong princely hands to maintain structures that can allow for the word to be propagated and for people to be saved, but when Stanley says, the word that is being propagated is a lie, the word that's being propagated exists to maintain this sinful arrangement of ownership of property, and he nobody listen to him so he took about 19 followers and went to a vacant lot in Surry and tried to live there in common uh as as an example, you know, which is what happens when uh great religious movements hit the rocks of of uh of entropy, and some uh local land owners goons drove them off the land, of course, and then he ended up becoming a quaker, and the quakers emerged out of the same period, the quakers are also a product of the religious efflorescence of the um of the uh English civil war, and they come to similar. conclusions, but because of the overwhelming power of institutions, accept a quietist uh religion that denies the possibility of living godly in in a class society, but then attempts to find fellowship within it, and that's where we all have to start, that's where we all have to start, and it's hor and there's a I know that I have. resistance to that because it means oh you're just saying don't fight, but what are you fighting for? again, if you're fighting to change the world, you're fighting for a egotistic fantasy of your own ability to understand and overpower the entire the collective, the collected forcess of history, you have to act for other people first, any meaningful action is going to come from. that and the problem with the hippies is that they tried that too, but they were emerging in a period when went to college like they did were given the world, they they were uh able to basically guarantee themselves lifetime of material security, so that means any idealism is going to curdle in the face of that certainty. what we have now is something completely different, we have the end of security, we have the end of certainty, we have the end of material. satisfaction, what that means for us, i have no idea, but it's important, i think it's very important, yeah, this is from uh, i just googled it to remember the title, but this is from the, i didn't use this quote? uh in the uh script, but uh, I'll read it now, this is from the new law of righteousness, uh, up by Win Standling, in the beginning of time, the great creator reason made the earth to be a common treasury to preserve beasts, birds, fishes and man, the Lord that was to govern this creation, for man had domination given to him over the beasts, birds and fishes, but not one word was spoken in the beginning, that one branch of mankind should rule over another, and the reason that is this: every single man, male and female is a perfect creature of himself, and the same spirit that made the globe dwells in man to govern the globe, so that the flesh of man being subject to reason, his maker had him to be his teacher and ruler within himself. therefore needs not run abroad after any teacher and ruler without him, for he needs not that any man should teach him, for the same anointing that ruled in the son of man teacheth him all things. and so selfish imaginations taking possession of the five senses and ruling is king in the room of reason. there in, and working with covetusness, did set up one man to teach and rule over another, and thereby the spirit was killed, and man was brought into bondage and became a greater slave to such as his own kind than the beast of the field were to him. he, he is, he is finding in uh, the isolated, egotistical shrinement of in of reason, of one's own reason, of one's own perception as the root of class society. I am not of, I am embodied myself, as opposed to the reality, which is I am not anything, I am not, I am a chimer, I am a fantasy, I am a, I am a straw dog, all is, I am not, but because we perceive as individuals. it is that individual perception that eventually forces us to reify the world in that image and break apart our connections to one another and dominate one another because my, if i am all and i am eternal, if God is really only my own reflection, then my my pleasures become the only and seek and the only way to seek pleasure is to alienate labor from oneself uh on to someone else. There's another quote from that that I actually did use in the script that I want to say just because it's like you read that you're like, damn, this motherfucker, this is 1650s, this is uh, capitalism is literally just being born, and he is saying stuff that it would take uh, that it would take another 200 years to be articulated uh, in different language. He said, so long as such as rulers call the land theirs, upholding this particular property as mine and thine, the common people shall never have their liberty, nor the land ever freeed from troubles, oppressions and complainings, he also... part of this, he had like a theory of cultural superstructure, because he says, the the the universities and churches that we have can only be poisoned and can only bring forth a poison. religious belief because they are dependent upon these property relations for their own existence. so even though people could see. what was happening at that point? capitalism still emerged unphazed, unscaved, un unchallenged really by any pool force that could like fundamentally uh threaten it, because every effort even with this knowledge, everything you could do only pushed it forward, that was capitalism in its uh ascendent phase, everything everyone did, one way or another pushed capitalism's institutions forward, dug their... talents deeper into the land, pushed people into a more marketized relationship with one another, like the puritans who fled america uh fled England were doing so because this new marketized world was fucking with them, they couldn't handle it, they were the most sensitive uh, the the most delicate flowers in the garden were the ones who said, I can't hack this, I cannot square godly world, a godly world with life under Charles Irst, and so the... went to uh, they went across the ocean, they risk their lives to try to create a world uh in North America that would allow them to actually live in a godly way, and in so doing they fucking put into North America the seeds of capitalism's ultimate fluorescence, ultimate domination of the entire globe, because anything less than total resistance to the state and annihilation of the self is going to fulfill capitalism's dictate, unless you were willing to go to monster and be starved out by the the prince bishop until they fucking came in and cut your cut your guizzards open and hung you in gibits next to the cathedral, you were going to build capitalism. now we are at the end of this cycle, now everything the capitalists do, everything everybody is doing to try to either uh thrive under capitalism or survive its dictates is undermining uh it's ability to persist as a technological supply chain, as a structure of institutions that reproduce capitalism, that's terrifying, because what is else is there, there is nothing else built, gram she's quote, this is the time for monsters, we got a lot of monsters, it's a fucking monster match. right around now just like it was in the 1600s, but we are building something somewhere, the reason I believe that is because I believe that consciousness is all there is, like our the material world that we think of is like real is is not any is not the... real thing, the real thing, the eternal thing is is consciousness that we are part of, and the definition of consciousness is that it is retrospective, consciousness is not a response to stimuli, consciousness is the building of a narrative, building of a story around stimuli, that can only happen after the stimuli has already happened. And this is what I think happens during that swirling towards the black hole, that elongation of time and space is connection to the comination that has happened somewhere, that has always happened, that generates everything else around it. he says it's confusing the communism is directly connected to atheism, yet it seems more godly. this is the kind of contradiction that you have to deal with and that makes that that kind of that dooms most of us, you know, dooms our simulations to failure, because to really embrace uh a collective destiny for mankind, you have to break with the old structures that only reinforced class society. but along with that is a vocabulary of of transcendence that has to be uh claimed and has to be carried forward and that challenge is is difficult to say the least, and it's that gap, it's that vacuum that leads that led so many uh socialist projects into spiritual wilderness and made uh the building of like the new man impossible, like stalin didn't build a new man, mau couldn't build a new man with his cultural revolution, uh because there was, they gave up a horizon by trying to do it in one country, but again, what else are you supposed to do to survive, but why do you want to survive? once again it is that lack of faith that pulls us back from the full confrontation with that which is that that needs to become universal. or far more universalized than it ever has to truly challenge things as they are. okay so uh next week i will have read more of three body problem we'll get to the aliens that'll be fun. Yeah, Cuba, oh man, Cuba, Cuba, it's gonna be very tragic, it's already been a tragedy, but we're gonna we're going to, we're gonna fucking destroy them, but man, they held out for so long, like a little monster out, just hanging out in the Caribbean without descending into madness. and like the fact that they ever did to me validates every belief I have, the fact that they ever made it work, for any amount of time, because you cannot use any of the uh sophistic capitalist uh liberal arguments to deny uh the Cuban revolution. Oh wow, I went for an hour and 15, nice, all right, talk everybody next week, love you all, God bless you.