 It's really any sun and yet I still got this insane glare from this, I don't know why is it, I can't explain it guys, please don't ask me why, there's the shaft of light, maybe it's because I'm god kissed, it might be because I'm god kissed, I might be god kissed guys, look at this, there's a shaft of light here correctly towards... coming towards my head, illuminating me, dappling me, if you will, on my damn birthday, uh, if I was one for Augury, I would, I would call this aspicious. Libra season, who's feeling themselves? Me and Lee Harvey Oswald, baby. Uh, the last American marxist to ever actually uh impact American history, maybe the only one. Oh look at all those birthday greetings, thank you guys, feeling good, although it is very, I mean I got the shaft of light here making it feel like I'm in some sort of identic splendor, but it's actually pretty shitty today, it's been very overcast and on and off drizzle. which you know hey, it's like Rayan on your birthday, it's exactly what it's like, and I haven't of course unwrapped my gift yet, that's for later, we'll see what that is, oh, it's raining a little bit on me right now, it's drizzling a little bit. I can't believe there are people saying they're not going to watch these debates, I mean, I get it if you don't like politics, good, stay away from this bullshit, but if you're one of these people who has through some device of the mind convinced themselves of politics either matter or the politics matter enough to care about, not necessarily saying that you you have some sort of opinion about like the efficacy of the political uh system, but you care enough about it to pay attention to it, the say that way that somebody cares enough about a sports team to root for it. I don't know how you care enough about politics to pay attention to it and not want to watch a potential uh uh bladder incontinence off between two clearly demented old mutants. I mean if we're going to be ruled by a gerintocratic elite of uh just out to touch old people who are waiting to die and then hand it off hand off rains over to their wildly even stupider and more incompetent children. who will you know sell the last rivets off of the fucking hole of the ship as it's sinking into the ocean, god damn it, I want to see them at least show some of that uh decrepitude, you know, just just as a way to remind yourself that you know no matter how many money much money you have or power you have, those neurons start uh, they they stop firing after a while and you end up getting trapped in your own mind, and how that how that feels depends on the life you've lived and where you are mentally to handle it. and if you're one of these psychos, you're not, you're basically designed to handle it as poorly as humanly possible. so you got two guys, one of whom firmly living in 1956 to avoid the fact that his his current mode is is is fail, and then a guy not even living on this planet, a guy living in an alternative dimension where he is eternally youthful and powerful, and those are our two choices. for the for the election, do we resign ourselves to not, not a managed decline, but an a catastrophic one, or but one that we feel that is inevitable and unavoidable, because our horizons have been so thoroughly uh, beaten away from us by the hejamonic propaganda that we spell every day and every single one of our cultural and political and economic institutions pulling us all away from each other at lightning like people in America are pushed away from each other the way that fucking like the galaxies are uh that the the the shift that mysterious force that causes the the universe to expand and and send everything hurdling away from each other that's that's what we have and so manage decline it would be possible but it would require a degree of uh of of citizen participation and government a degree of intervention in this extraction mechanism of exploitation that we have allowed to just rain free in the name of uh liberty. that is beyond our not, not not that we even think it would be bad to do that, like we don't even have the level of thinking like no, that would be socialism or whatever. i think for most of us, a 51 plus percent, they don't even think it's possible as in as impossible as imagining that you're going to lift to 200, you know, like our our doom is as foretold as every individual's doom is foretoled by their uh mortal body, even though the fact that we are you know a fucking a bunch of people who can hypothetically like reproduce you know and change the conditions and the and the world that that our offspring would come up into means that we aren't we could we we could defeat entropy but i think for most people in this country that to to even suggest it it just gets filtered into more political pablum because there essentially demanding the impossible, at least the way we imagine ourselves, that's that's just capitalist realism. that's why Jamison said, it's easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism, because we can imagine the system eventually collapsing, we cannot imagine doing what is necessary to uh change the system and avert the collapse. No, it wasn't Zaderick Jamusson, but then again I think he attributes it to somebody else too, it's one of those kind of uh uh floating quotes. Vidalson's pretty good. I always thought that uh, he gets, he gets people make fun of him sometimes for saying that the military is like the uh institute. in American life that could most like realistically be a potential model for socialist uh transformation. i i can't think he's onto something honestly, i've said that before on the show. oh man, i cannot, you know what i'll watch the vp debate uh for the cringe, because Kamala is an incredibly cringy debater uh Does anyone remember when she made her last, her last Hail Mary attempt for attention and market share in in the debates, I think it was the last debate before she dropped out was when she tried to uh galvinize the field by uh calling on all of her fellow uh candidates to come together to demand that Twitter banned Trump because he's violating the terms of service and she asked Warren if she would say today to add her name to this call, which is a classic thing you do uh, in in in primary races, is is a candidate will say, well like lay down an ideological marker or like a make a make a bid, which then if uh their opponents either are they're stuck in in in in the Kobayashi Muru situation, the Hobson's choice between saying no and alienating themselves from a popular position or saying yes and looking like they're taking orders from the person who should be by rights the candidate cuz like if I'm sorry. shouldn't the person giving the commands be the one who you get the nom give the nomination to? uh, but it didn't work because nobody gives a shit about, it's not a no-brainer uh a policy, it's not a one, it's not one that's going to galvinize people, it it's nerd bullshit, it's mommy, it's not being fair, it's not fair, not even like that he's saying specific things, it's that he's breaking the rules, and she asked Warren to do it, and warren said no, because she correctly intuited that it was not, uh an issue where she had to worry about being on the wrong side of majority, i mean i'm i could see her getting totally rooked in that move by a different person and with a different point, but like Komala came in with just the absolute laziest fucking haymaker ever ever seen on earth, just ducking that thing was was nothing, and it was humiliating, she got bodied by uh, by fucking... tolsey gabbard of all people uh over her record and she had that thing le that little girl was me deal with biden which just actually fucked her over pretty badly among democratic voters they thought it was manipulative and and unfair which goes to show i think that like the whole argument about woke shit on the internet it really is beside the point because that's all a move to hit him on segregation like that and hit him on bussing specifically and then connecting it to her lived experience that should be the kind of thing that wins that should be the kind of thing that works or... conversely the kind of thing that like uh uh like shapes the shapes the race uh instead she tried it everyone said ew and then nobody really did anything like that again so there's clearly no like hegemonic liberal uh uh insistence on id pall you know that's like making it impossible to make a a left uh uh case, like clearly that stuff is has a limited impact on the general public, so how can it be the face of the whole thing, how can it be this like um dominant propaganda mode imposed from without when it's barely anything anyone can make hay of as a candidate? they tried and nobody succeeded, got nominated the old white guy. I know there's a theory that that's because Bernie went to ID Paul, but I'm sorry, I paid attention to that campaign, and just because Aoc said in a speech after she endorsed him something about like brown bodies in a in a rally, that was not what the contours of the sanders campaign were about, and it sure shit wasn't what people were uh, telling polsters and telling everyone who had. to them why they weren't supporting him, they were saying cuz medicare for all is unrealistic, because socialists can't win, and we got to beat Trump, and that has to do with uh, with you know, hegemonic uh, capitalist ideological, infrastructure that has captured the minds of the democratic, a significant portion of the democratic electorate, coupled with the fact that the democratic primary electorate is increasingly wealthy increasingly detached from any uh any motivation to pursue uh material redistribution um like those are the guys those are the people those white suburbanites who flooded the poles in Virginia and in South Carolina uh and and helped turn the tide and kind of just stifle the whole thing because they saw Bernie winning and they said oh fuck no he was he did get it across people's mind that he was the socialist candidate, he was the candidate for radical change, everyone bought that, I do not remember anybody talking about him being the candidate of uh of uh fucking uh LBGT whatever or uh bodies and spaces, however you want to phrase it, any of the any of the icky alienating id pall that is supposed to uh uh make it impossible to to make a leftest uh material appeal in the current moment, he did it. he did it, and the forces of power, uh, the forces of capital rayed their their uh, their mechanisms to defeat it for that reason, aided by the fact that people can't imagine change of that that nature. we have been so fully marketized that we cannot see anything other than this, and that's why when Bernie showed up, people were like, i i these appeals actually. directly hit me where i live and the world you're sketching is one that i know would be better than the one we live in, but it is premafasha impossible, and therefore you can't go forward with that plant. that's very, that's sobering and terrible, but it it really does show that that the that the the question of like the social issues that... has defined this idiotic argument online for the past four years, actually isn't influencing the political structures that these things are supposed to be determining, at least not the way that people are uh claiming they are, one way or the other, like whether they're priorities for people, and it's alienating to try to avoid them and that you have to speak about people's lived experiences for your socialism to have a chance, because otherwise they're going to think it's too malecentric or whatever the hell uh or that oh all those iky all that icy trans uh that is only happening to the people who are focusing in through the prism of this hot house of online argumentation where they have to find something to fight about because they're paying attention every second of the day and they're requiring stimulation and they're requiring argumentation because they've made it into a subculture buse these are subcultural questions. I do know that Camala Stepson is a come town fan, very funny uh, Dante de Blazio, the Dill De Blasio son, also a come town fan I got to say, very impressed with their reach and fan fandom, uh, they're gonna the next generation of uh of political leaders, like the next generation of black pilled democratic uh uh executioners who just finish us off as a civilization, will all become town fans. yeah, sure they all hate us, not because we're like owning their parents or something, but because we're fucking lame, because growing up around politics, they think politics is lame and talking about politics is lame, and they're right, it is lame, what you do when you're foreclosed other options of finding uh, of finding meaning and and and uh and purpose, so yeah, they probably. think we're absolute turbodarks and absolutely correct, and I'm not saying that you know it's it that it's dumb to care about politics, I'm saying is that... uh, in the current moment, politics is so distant from from emimanetizing anyone's well-being that focusing on it requires you turning it into a part of your life, if you know what i mean, like it becomes a spectacle, it becomes something that you because you know it matters, but you can't do anything about, you fill that gap with the emotional resonance created by enjoying it on a day to day moment. level of observation, not engagement, observation, which is all we're all we're doing, we only vote once every four years for president, and that's the the big thing, right, that's the big one, and then every two years, if you really want to be a nerd about it, in order to keep that focus, you have to have other areas foreclosed, and like that's just that, that's the the the hinge system that's going to bring people to class consciousness and this theory is that you have to start caring about politics because there's nowhere else to get any anything in your life and you're like, my god, we have to change this, and you push towards it, and you need a combination of people who are sort of indolent and people who are exploited, and the problem right now is that far too many of the people who care about politics care about politics because they're filling a void of meaning, not material uh necessity, and that is what sharpen. practice into practice is that urgency, and it's not because we aren't suffering, because for a huge, huge percentage of Americans, the process of social atomization, fragmentation, the destruction of the monoculture, the replacement of it with the the simulation of simulations, the spectacle of spectacles of online, and the physical breaking up of working class communities, the breaking up of uh of... like extended family units and and any sort of uh social networks beyond you know immediate households uh suburbanization making a that a geographic part of the fucking like an actual part of the landscape. they're still feeling that horror but they're not tacking towards politics because they're not, it's so far away, it's so far away and what's going to get them there? what's going to get them there? all they engage with in the world to make sense of it is this stream, is this flow? is this undifferentiated amount of fucking uh, of stimuli that gives it an illusion of infinites, it's an illuse, you give it gives you an illusions of omnipotent or omniscent control of information in the universe, like you can actually step into a stream that contains everything, even though it's it's like a corporatized. manipulated version of that, and then you have to make sense of it, and what institutions exist to have anyone make sense of it, what lived, what, what shared experiences of class, class, struggle, or exploitation can be shared or generated out of that, and it's it's in i i it's entrapped us, it's the damn matrix, it's the dangol matrix, and even those of us to think we're like more aware of of the stakes of and and uh what we should be doing in terms of making a political project to make things better instead of just seeking self-ultimately self-destructive forms of escape from our misery, how much of that is bound ends up being lost into that same self-destructive escape because of the lack of urgency and the lack of ability to apply. and I know that's you know it's it's not great to hear because it does seem like it limits our ability to have any hope, but that's only if you ad here to certain expectations beyond the expectation to be alive on a day-to-day basis and live your life and be there for the people in it and be with them and allow... that that to move you forward instead of a thing in your head, a ship in a bottle that you've been building in the skinner box that we think is the universe, that's the only hope, and if you feel if you can if you can keep yourself on that beam, it becomes easier to see things as they are, and avoid the traps that. lot of people fall into where you decide that the work the real ruling class is the people online you don't like or that uh voting for Donald Trump is actually uh populism and because the trumpism is the best chance we have for a like social democracy in the American political system those are all wild forms of cope coping like a mad man, I mean thinking that thinking that there's any kind of like morality to voting at all, like I'm voting for Biden because it's harm reduction, what is your contribution to that harm reduction? If you vote for him and he wins, does that mean you're responsible for x- number of people not dying because of uh whatever he does that Trump wouldn't do, which honestly has he really gotten too involved in explaining what would be different under him other than uh everything. be calmer and there wouldn't be rude tweets, i mean that's up to the people in charge to do that, to reduce that harm, you're pressing a button, motherfucker, one of a hundred million people pressing a button, you didn't, you didn't reduce shit, these are individual votes and individual decisions and as such you have to take them in their context, in their you you cannot take the end result of an election, you kick one domino and that the end of the domino strick down, you've got the entire world uh being changed by an electoral uh uh contest, but you're not the only one flipping that goddamn uh domino, everybody is, it's just all falling over at once, if you weren't there would still happen, exactly the same way, exactly the same way. like there is no butterfly effect thing where one your decision to vote for a candidate changes the outcome an election, you can say a group of people did or people like you demographically or people that you identify with on the internet because you post the same memes, but you had nothing to do with it, which means that you're not reducing any harm or exacerbating any harm, you're not doing anything, so why are you arguing about it, why are you? adjudicating it, that is, that is, participating in maintaining the fiction, the delusion, that there is a um coherent involvement in the political system, now in the in the absence of the Bernie campaign to form an actual structure of like organization around issues and organization around tactics by virtue of voting forum, you know, like creating an actual, because what Bernie did, the Bernie, idea of Bernie is that Bernie would give content and structure. to the voting block of people who vote for a democrat, they wouldn't just be 50 million people waddling around and flapping their doodles, because because his candidacy would be singular and because it would be organized around specific radical challenges to the existing political and economic structure that could not be digested by the political system otherwise, that means that voting for him is participating in a greater project by is doing the opposite of that, he is, he is, he is expanding the net to everyone by robbing his candidacy of any content, what is the biden agenda? He just came out, people were talking today about his monstrously terrible healthcare plan that involves four figure deductibles, that's that's supposed to be the the the affordable healthcare that people are going to have, people, there's going to be four, four digit deductibles, which means you have to spend thousands of dollars before you can even see a dollar back in in insurance coverage of healthcare costs, which makes it for a lot of people who don't have thousands of dollars, don't have four digits means that it's as inaccessible. to them, except may, no, as inaccessible to them as healthcare would be if they didn't have any insurance at all, but now they have less money. what are you doing by participating in this election? are you getting rid of Donald Trump, are you reserving decency? are you uh making America uh built back better? nobody fucking knows, nobody cares, which means there's going to be no fucking consequences for anybody directly after this in terms of the party structure, they might lose some elections, but there's we're going to stay on the top of the system, iron law of institutions, and I'm never, I'm not telling people not to vote, what I'm telling them is, you got to ask yourself why you're actually voting, because only until we understand what the vote is and get rid of this mystification around it, this this ritualized sacrament that we've turned it into, we de we break the spell of the vote, will people realize the massive casm between their will and any any accountability at the point of government and people would say, oh shit, if we want things to get better, we actually have to make them better, these motherfuckers will not do that, and that's why I see anybody making any arguments about the whether you should or shouldn't vote for Biden, I feel like even as well-intentioned as you could possibly be, this is by definition not only wasted energy. "this is actually counterproductive because it reinforces the mystification around the vote, strip it down to its essence, walking into a fucking gym, pointing uh, pressing a button and walking out, you have done nothing, 100 million other people are going to do it too, your decision is not going to impact the outcome of any race, that doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, and if you're doing it in coordination with a bunch of other people like, hey we're all." right, for the healthcare and stuff, right? now you're actually participating in something, but in the current system, with the current candidates, you are not participating in shit other than a ritual a ritual of of fained authority, where we pretend to bestow, we are participation, honestly individually, you can talk about like how elections have consequences, i'm saying individually, our individual contribution to uh, to elections and to the uh the who rules us is less than when the queen of England goes like oh hello and and blesses the new prime minister, it's ceremonial, it's literally ceremonial, until we do it in concert, then it's not ceremonial anymore, and in the past there have been times when it hasn't been ceremonial, because of actual coordination around issues and agendas, pursuing political power self-consciously, instead of what we have. now, which is Biden, because he's not Trump, and then whatever he does, it won't be Trump, so it'll be better, and how bad it is, hey, you want Trump instead, and you'll never ever change anything, and until you're like, shit, I'm not voting unless it matters, I'm not voting unless it's worth my time, now I vote because I enjoy doing it cuz I'm a sicco, I like going in there, I like filling out the little forms, I moved to New York right after the... got rid of the old machines with the little flip buttons and I was incredibly pissed, I never got to vote in a in an election with the old voting machines, which they also had in my home county mandowalk uh, but I was, I never voted there, I i i moved out too early, and so I've only ever done like scantron, and that's fine, but I like doing it, I like filling in a little bubble, I like putting it into the machine, I enjoy that, I enjoy as Toby says in American splender, I enjoy the ritual, it's one of those... tools that I have fun with, but I do not amuse, I do not, I do not uh delude myself into thinking that my my my vote has moral meaning, it has no more moral meaning than me going to get dinner, going deciding whether I'm going to get the RBs uh Euro or go with the just the roast beef and horsey sauce, so I like voting and I'm going to vote, who I vote for doesn't matter, doesn't matter in terms of... morality doesn't matter, i could leave it blank, i could write myself in, i could sketch my balls on it, and you have to treat it that way. or else you're going to leave that fucking voting booth thinking you've done something and we're all going to leave that voting booth thinking we've done something and then the wheels just keep turning and oh fuck what happened obama is exhibit a of that because while he was able to marshal a broad enthusiastic voting block there was no content to it at all hope to come stuff not even anything like the new deal wasn't fleshed out when FDR ran, but the concept, the idea that there was going to there was going to be a radical change in the the relationship between the government, the economy was taken for granted, this like new deal, like it was going to be new. Obama was stuff, and so everybody left those voting boos in 2008 thinking they'd done something, and then what happened, they took it from there, and they they listen to their real bosses, the people they talk to every day, the people. actually participate in politics by giving money and raising money and directing money and having meetings and sending emails and funding think tanks. so yeah, that's why people want me to debate x, y or z guy about voting for Biden, waste, not only wasted energy, misdirected energy. like counterproductively misdirected, because buse what's the argument for Biden? every argument for Biden revolves around how much better a Biden administration would be than a Trump one for like the most marginal, and I wouldn't even argue those points, what I would say is, okay, but what does that have to? cuuse I'm not picking between those two things, one of them's going to happen, but I'm not going to determine the outcome by my vote, so what difference does this make? what are you actually trying to argue? and look, somebody says like it's harm reduction versus accelerationism. I agree, but those are just other words for cope versus cope. You get to go in the booth saying, I'm voting for Biden and then Biden's going to get in there and that's going to uh, saves and maybe reduce the climate apocalypse, even if it's not as much as I'd want, I feel like I did something good, I feel like I'm a good person. That's just coping, it's just a way to convince yourself you're participating. Same thing is going in there like actually. uh Trump by presiding over a continuing economic crisis at the head of a still uh capital dominated party uh will lead to the emergence of you know a broad hostile left that will break free of the shackles of the Democratic Party by uh uh engaging disenchanted members of the the Trump coalition as well as energizing new swabs of uh of previous non-voters through grassroots effort and the creation of like counter hegemonic cultural forms. fine, maybe once again, what does that have to do with you pressing which button? you're not making that happen. i wrote in drill in in Ohio in 2016 at drill I voted for in Ohio, which ended up not really being a swing state, uh, but yeah, I didn't make Trump win Ohio, so somebody says, so what if you do that, what next, I'm just saying. have to get there, i don't actually know it next, that sounds like a cop out, absolutely, it is, but i'm this stuff, this is things happen when they happen, you know what i mean, and they make other things happen that you cannot predict, the the contours of them are not predictable, what i do know is that if people who feel that they are political, feel like they have a responsibility to themselves, future generations, the people they love to make the world better for the people, for everyone and and make the planet fucking habitable, but voting is literally nothing, it's less consequential morally and and and meaningfully than jacking off, what are we going to do? what do we do about that? and then we work with what we have to build from that fucking foundation of. what do we do about it, which we're not asking, or not enough of us are asking, because this massive weight of of of the presidential election, this this spectacle of spectacles, this grinding uh uh pyrotechnic fantasmagoria designed to completely absorb our attention uh can be fucking blocked out a little bit. and maybe part of that, maybe then people say, hey, how you had an idea, how about instead of us just voting based on what we think would be like the the more moral thing to do, how about we all get together, figure out what we want, pick somebody to run for that, and then vote for them all together, if we want voting to matter, if we think that there's enough, there's enough juice in the in the pickle of American uh political system, if it is, if it actually can can connect to power, if it's not completely ornamental, then let's do that, that's still a step up from where we are now, and it's still something that is only going to be possible enough people are motivated to, not just in the sense of feeling the dread and horror of of alienation and and and and precarity, but also because they can see a thing to do with that precarity, to do with that angst, to do with that alienation, to do with that will and drive and incentive towards action, which cuts through all of the theoretical bullshit, it would be very funny if somebody asked if you're going to bring up the crime bill tonight, i don't ' think this is this one uh it would be very funny though if Trump brings up the crime bill and calls Biden like the puppet of antifa in the same sentence that would be perfect. see this is so interesting so people are taking from this i'm seeing in the chat that i'm saying don't vote not saying don't vote not going to tell you what to have for dinner, i'm not going to say don't go to uh, don't go to, oh fuck, what's the name of that salad place, sweet green, don't go to sweet green, do not have a chicken salad sandwich, you better not have fucking peanut butter and jelly or you better have meat spaghetti and meat balls, it is beside the point, you have to answer the question of whether you should vote or not. every individual has to answer that question themselves, it's the only thing that matters, and hopefully giving the the active, the proper, the proper proportion, the proper proportion of your life that it mat that it uh uh can maintains, that it that it reflects. I mean I am, I'm a goofy uh enough romantic to even think that there could be either outcome of this election could bring about some sort of third party formation. I mean, it would have to be in the context of a a genuine crisis, which I'm still not convinced is inevitable. This is a crisis, but when I say genuine crisis, I mean like one that leads to some sort of seismic reshuffling, re re. cracks in the in the fisures, or fish cracks in the system and and and significant uh breaches of normality, and I think I've said before on the show that I think we might end up never seeing that moment come, just because all of those crisis moments that in a previous generation would have been perceived to be a a a a a uh splintering of reality would instead be immediately normalized within the greater culture, as the people directly impacted are sort of softly removed from the roles, like oh oh we just lost Florida, well... That's really too bad. All right, I guess uh, we'll start redrawing the maps. You know what I mean? And in a system like that, two parties and until in two parties until the you know government is in an elesium satellite around earth. Someone really wants to know about the Elliot Spitzer scandal? I don't really know. I never watched that Alex Give me documentary. apparently he was very horny and he liked to spend a ton of money uh on uh call girls and it got found out i guess mainly because wall street was mad at him for being too uh aggressive in regulating them so i mean i don't know like that seems like what you could get from wikipedia i don't know what else you want me to say. Oh he also sucked Liz Smith's toes, but that was later after he uh divorced his wife and left the left the governorship and all that, but I think the main upshot is is that the thing he got bit nailed for is stuff that almost all of those guys do and it only brought him down because he annoyed enough people in real power in New York. Wall street, because Diper David Vitter got reelected to the senate after he got came out uh he was found in the black book of a DC uh Madam, not only that uh it also came out that he was a diper fetishist, he got he got his ass got reelected, and it's almost always true that if you don't resign it eventually blows over and... but somehow a sex scandal like that that you think wouldn't have been that consequential at that point became this thing that he couldn't get over, so yeah, i guess that makes you think, wow, maybe spitzer had some metal to him, but honestly i think he uh, he probably was just pursuing a populist uh political branding uh exercise too aggressively. I don't get presents anymore, that's fine, I don't really. I don't have anything I need, every day is a gift. The debate starts at nine and I'm I'm I'm fixing the beat uh, I am fixing to be entertained. and if uh goddamn it, i'll i'll entertain myself if they won't bother too, my favorite dark tower book, somebody asked, it's probably the waste. plans blaying the mono baby, oh I'm doing a white claw tonight, black cherry, once again, alcoholic or non alcoholic, it's great, everyone likes wizard of glass, I just remember being really annoyed after all those years. that he has a another dark tower book and it's a fucking prequel, also i i like all like the the fucking posts battle of Jericho hill stuff more than the more than that dumb fucking uh chevalric ass world. I did see the dark tower movie and it is stunningly terrible uh really impressive how shitty it is. uh really reminds you that the the filmmaking process has basically nothing to do with art at that level of capital investment which makes the insistence of people to turn it into the soul vector not only of like culture but politics and personal fucking morality very very grim like sucking on a fucking cement titty. Oh god, Jesus rolls, I couldn't finish it, I might finish it at some point, but I got about like not even half an hour into it, one of the worst things I've ever seen, just breathtingly terrible, which of course it always was. the idea was terrible, i love the idea, and used to say that he would bug the the kins about making it, and you know that he asked them to to write it, he said, hey, i have an idea for a movie, and you know they should they were as polite as possible, like yeah, john, that sounds like a good idea, but they were never going to make that movie, and so then he decides to make it himself, and holy shit, it is, it's a hell of a cultural artifact i have to say, Armenia Azerbaijan who you got guys? Who you got? Who you got? Who takes it? Armenia or Azerbaijan? Who takes it? Not who you're rooting for. Who takes it? Got a lot of Armenians in the chat. couple azerbaijans, now it's overwhelmingly armenia looks like, i i think it's the kardashian's responsibility for that honestly, somebody ask what my birthday dinner is, i'm trying to decide, what should it be? what would be a good dinner? let's let's end the chat talking about food so i can get all riled up and then eat something delicious on my birthday. salmon - what kind of korean fried chicken? yeah, i was thinking seshwan fried chicken with the with the red peppers, euro though sounds really good too, oh I could go for a euro, I think I'm having a birthday euro, oh, I wish I could get an arbies hero, sadly I don't think there's any arbes in the city, it's bullshit, one of the best fast food places, unavailable. yes a hero quite somebody says Donner but I got I maybe it's just buse I grew up because when I lived in Milwakee is a younger after college there was no donor there were only euros there were two places Oakland and Apollo and they were both really good. uh, Apollo was uh, I think a better, but uh, Oakland was much better people watching, it was a great place to go after you were drinking or something, and so for me, it'll always be a euro, the donner's fine, but it's just not, it's not the same thing, I got to get that tatziki sauce. Yeah, those are even better than arbies, when I got to keeps, I will stress again, for a fast food euro, remarkably uh good, the tatsiki sauce is flavorful, the the like greek style meat, actually does have like a texture and flavor and seasoning that distinguishes it from every other pile of lunch meat that arbes puts out wow sure. Apparently Felix just tweeted about me, oh buddy, that's so sweet, Felix is a mench, well if you people say I work there, I any play any, you don't want to see the sausage or the arbies get made. Oh french fries on a Euro is great, somebody say that's bad, who the hell's saying that's bad? French, oh god, that's the way they do it in France, I think, fuck, I'm definitely getting here now, it is, it is decided. You can't call him a Euro in New York though, you got to call him a gyro, because it sounds too much like hero, which is the stupid name for a sub. I got to say though, I went to what's supposed to be the best euro place in uh Astoria, which I'm assuming you, that's saying something, that's like a one of the most concent, fully concentrated Greek neighborhoods in the country, uh, and it was okay, it was like, it was pork for one thing, it wasn't even like partial. lamb and it was, it was just the texture was weird, it wasn't for me, it was good, but I was disappointed, I still have not had a fantastic euro here in in New York, there's one that uh, I'm going to try, I think I have in mind that hopefully will be good. don't tell me how to pronounce these things, i'm not going to remember, okay? a euro cake, what the hell is that? that sounds horrifying, apparently pork yuro is traditional, well i'm not i'm not traditional, i mean i remember one time when i was like uh, i think i was in college, i went to a Mexican restaurant and I asked for, I saw there was a uh, I think it was a chilopa on the menu and I was like, ooh, chilupa, and it was not at all like the Chaco Bell Chalopa, and I was disappointed. I'm a hick, I didn't have, I didn't have like ethnic cuisine until I was like in college, but the fanciest restaurant in my hometown was Taco Bell, like that kind of stuff isn't true anymore, like like you can kind, you can find varied cuisine all over. place now, but like just a few decades ago uh, if you were outside of like even a like a metro a regional metro city, you you had uh, you did not have a lot of ethnic diversity in your food stuffs, so i like the lammier on the thing, i like the guy and the guy cutting the thing off, that's what i like, Elpas store is a mexican gero and also very good. Oh yeah, I tried patsi's pizza after we talked about pizza last week, I got patsis and it was really good. I was very, very pleased. All right, somebody is posting a eurocake.