 Oh no, said zortex protocol, that's pretty stupid, bugs back here now, not that many, how many we got? got a few, shouldn't be too bad, got a few little muchachos messing around. I'm streaming today, streaming across to the virgin chapo fym twitch stream and I've got to stream free to the good. good people of twitch.com or whatever the hell tv, hi guys, mosquitoes are here, took a while but they're here now, not that bad, certainly not wisconsin level, but i'm being reminded of their their needling little noses, their demonic uh, demonic aspects uh, although i am relatively lucky when it comes to mosquito. because they bite me and you know it stings when they bite me the way it does anybody, but i guess i'm not allergic to whatever the the goo is that they put into the wound that makes people get the little uh red bumps that itch like i can watch i can watch a mosquito land on me take a little pouch full of blood off and it's nothing ever comes up i never get a a rash does anybody else have that i explained that to people and they're all baffled is anybody else not allergic to mosquito uh uh, I know that there's a it's it's a common place, it's one of those things that people uh think they know is like a fun fact that you could kill all the mosquitos in the world if you could figure out a way to kill them, it wouldn't really undermine any ecologies, it would be a pure wind for everyone, because not only do they kill more humans than any other animal animal thanks to malaria spread and of course now with west nile expanding into the US and marching up the globe it's going to be even more vectors of disease uh and they also do not provide like the primary food stuff for any other animals because that's usually the argument is ah see you can't get rid of this animal because it's part of a a chain there's no animal or key key insect species whose diet is primarily uh mosquitoes they're they're a uh their ancelary, so if we could get rid of them we could, that would be cool. uh, and that's the kind of thing where you know, we're not going to fix climate change, but someone will figure out a way to kill all the mosquitos as they become more of more of a problem - climate change accelerates, that's that's how we're going to manage climate change, there will be no huge break that destroys civilization, all of all of the like the meta problems emating are going to be rationalized away, marketized away through some combination of technology and uh and uh financialization, but the main thing making everything worse will just continue to go because there's no alternative to that, there's no profitable alternative to that. uh, someone asked me what blood type I am, and that's an interesting question visas of the mosquitos, but I'll admit it, I don't think I know my blood type. I don't think I've ever actually, I got one of them bleeding and I, I'll watch, I'll see if anything comes up, uh, does anyone know if there's a correlation there, that'd be interesting to know, but yeah, I don't know, and yeah, that's probably not the kind of thing you're supposed to say publicly anyway, but I wouldn't be able to if I if I knew it, now I never gave blood because I was terrif'. of needles for a long time thanks to uh the fact that i went from being a kid who is terrified of needles the way normal people are to a teenager who had every nightmare of needles that ever scared me happen all at once uh i actually had a spinal tap like in like an exorcist which you are awake for you're fully conscious of that and there's not really an anesthetic uh it's pretty horrifying and just having that happen i was just like kind of I was in shock just because I was so unbelie, I was unable to assimilate that this thing I was terrified happening was actually happening to me, and so that after that I was just, and ever since I've had this... I've been got the main like traumatic elements is I have this fear of medicine and fear of medical implements and also uh hypochondria, I spent years vacillating between different conditions that I was certain I had, like I was, I have uh, I have some issues related to the the spinal uh injury that cause cascading, you know, discomforts in the body, and over years I've convinced myself that I've I've have cancer a bunch of times uh and then when that's longer viable, i have been very sure, i was about to have a heart attack, and you know the you can always rationalize it like sure, you're probably not going to die of one of those, but odds are in America, you're going to die of one of them right, at some point uh, so i was with this thing where i i was a hypochondriac, but i could never really have my fear dispelled because the hospital is just as scary as thinking i was d the thing i was thinking i was dying of, i've gotten over that recently though, like this spirituality to sound hoky has helped as genuinely done what I've I saw it do with other people for most of my life jealously which is so those kind of those kind of recurrent existential fears yeah like I don't worry anymore even though I'm older than I've ever been and got worse with time cuuse i got more aware of you know bodies breaking down uh and just like the longer you're live the more likely you are to die right just that's the actuarial table at a certain point but now i don't feel that way anymore for better i mean i when i say about spirituality it's like it's everything i've been talking about like the satori moment the the recognition "i have now what i what sort of what i've intuited from reading about people's descriptions of like feeling the divine or something, like the idea that there is a presence, and that was the big thing, that was my always rejoinder to religion for my entire life was, my brain doesn't work that way, i don't feel anything, i don't feel presence, and i don't feel that there's anything there but my own voice clanging around in my brain, and now i feel a presence, it's not of a person though, it's not of an i, it's not of a consciousness, it's of all consciousness." like the the the the veil of maya between me and everyone else and everything else and every time else, i'm aware that that is a membrane, i'm aware that there's something like vibrating at a different frequency beyond it, and that makes a lot of the uh existential nightmare stuff that used to make it hard for me to enjoy anything really less biting. someone is uh across across the sink here, that's what they call the... interior parts of uh of uh like townhouse blocks in in cities like this you know with apartments and stuff like apartment buildings and and townhouses w it's a whole thing and it's all facing outward and the inside is everyone's backyard and that's called the sink and i can see a big puff of white smoke like they just selected the fucking pope over there and that means grilling is happening i'm also going to be grilling tonight uh having having uh having a little ' fun, going to do some grilling, and do some steaks, low effort tonight, i do have the long-term, before the summer ends, or maybe i think september maybe realistically, like like a sort of a goodbye to the grill thing, i'm going to try to do the the yeah, less human too, and i'm going to try to do going to try to do the brisket, the all-day brisket, that's the big project, got to find a butcher and do that, but that'll be later, uh, i think for the rest of summer, for the rest of august. or anything anyway, i'm just doing regular stuff, but it's a good example of of like the uh the hollowness of capitalism, the hollow the hollow value, the hollow rewards of this system, so the thing behind, the thing in the middle of a block, an apartment block in New York, it's called the sync right, and it's divided up by the lot by the areas, so this one for example, it's a little narrow thing, the length of the house. and then because I'm in the servant's quarters, I'm in the basement, I get a little area here that you've seen, and then there's a wall at the other side, you've seen at the other side of the uh, there's a wall on the other that's right next to the grill, that is a much bigger portion for the upstairs neighbors, like it's it's got, it's almost a lawn, and they also have the deck up there, that's because they got more money, and so the advantage there is both of us now have this like secluded area. where we can sort of have privacy, and that's true, and that has its uses, but at the same time, for everyone, this entire area is completely broken up and blocked off, and I just like to sometimes I imagine because there's a lot of trees not in our backyard but in neighboring yards that are really nice and i'm just imagining if this was like an internal park you know and i just feel like that would be uh that that would be worth that would i think be an addition because i think you could have enough privacy like in the area around your home to like do what you would do otherwise like have a cookout or something but then there would also be you could like take a walk, there could be like a path in the middle here with the trees and everything, as opposed to feeling like I am in a and as it looks to you guys like I'm in a bunker. And it's that it's that thing of like the value the... the the the buse there is a genuine you know the the promises of capitalism are not entirely hollow like like privacy is a uh is it an actual thing that has use value and something that people need to be able to negotiate the the pressures of dealing with other people, but as a totalizing value it is it destroys so much that is vital to the very functioning of the human mind and replaces it with only further and along the axis of isolation, i mean that's why infinite just is the book of the moment because he was he figured out he saw where everything was going like not only just not just in terms of how like loneliness was going to take over the social order and just strip everyone of their souls because they don't know how to relate across the chasm of experienced other people where they see them as equals and not instruments and the terrifying isolation caused by viewing all people like. but he also predicted uh skype and uh, i believe instacart and a bunch of shit, and his president, johnny gentle, famous cruner is closer than any 90s dystopian vision of the president, uh ever written, there is one exception, there's only one other thing that i think uh was, there's one other president idea, like for a future 90. si-fi thing that is in my opinion the most perfect for future casting imaginable so there is so Robocop has a sequel Robocop has two sequels let's set about the third one the better it's not even our rated directed I believe by Frank Miller or he wrote the second one I don't know if he directed the third one anyway dog shit uh doesn't even have Peter Weller it's got that Canadian guy he literally had a canadian non-union canadian equivalent of Robocop. Fobocop more like it. Zing, that's right, I said it, I called him Fobo cop. Okay, Erven Kurshner, the same guy you did uh, Empire strikes back, and you know what, it's another, it's not quite as well, the thing is it's not as good as Empire strikes back, but it's definitely better than its reputation, and it's that and a lot of it's the fun of it is, it's actually about like the making of a sequel, and my the best sequence in that movie is. they show all of the attempts to make another Robocop and they fail buse like the guy shows up and he just starts shooting the the doctors and then blows his brains out and one guy pulls his helmet off revealing his screaming skull and then dies just the way that like the the the artist the human revolts against the idea of a cash-based sequel but even with all that uh but with that kind of mindset it's it's a good movie uh pressing in its way it talks about uh detroit being declared bankrupt and then sold to company, which is essentially what has happened to Detroit, but there was another, there was another screenplay uh for Robocop 2, not by uh Frank Miller, but by the writer of the first Robocop Ed Newmeyer, and they never ended up using it, and I have read it, it's online, you can find it, it's not good, uh, I will say that, it is a it is, I mean it's always hard with scripts especially. the scripts that didn't get made to imagine them in your head, but it's there's a lot in it that does not work, but there's one thing that's actually kind of just to throw away that is so perfect that it almost redeems the entire project is that is that so the premise is that Robocop gets like ambushed and essentially disconnected like he gets he gets his plug pulled and he ends up in a warehouse for like 20 years before some scavengers grab him and try to reconnect him for reasons and and then he goes to war and it's and it's it's much it's pit it's pit it's pitched tot a much higher dramatic level than either the real Robocop 2 or the first robocop the stakes are much higher it's like the fade of the planet and everything uh is often thing that happens in sequels and but they mention in in passing the president in this future world and it's Bixby Schneider and Bixby Schneider is the name of the I'll buy that for a dollar guy from Robocop the guy is on TV every moment that they're watching television except when it's Johnny Laser uh and that's essentially what we got we got we have president Bixby Schneider we have president I'll buy that for a dollar. guy ah, the star wars sequels aren't good either, edny mier wrote those too, i think the budget has a lot to do with things and collaboration also very important, and Yeah, you got to give Verhoven a lot of credit buse Newmeyer basically his entire career has been writing Robocops and ship troopers movies and none of them are good as the first one and you got to think that verhoven had a lot to do with that. someone asks an interesting question, uh, is romance inherently reactionary, capital r romance, and I would say like anything, it's something that needs to be resolved, it needs, it needs to be stripped of its reaction, and and and because it emates from a genuine desire, when that is the desire to transcend and and renounce the... of human life, which is the desacralization of human life, it's not just that, but that's one thing that it is, and that process, well, it's unnecessary if you want to overcome, the bounds of incredibly limited tribal societies with no understanding of the natural world or ability to harness its resources, which you do if you want to create a human, self-aware species, if you want to, if you want to emiminotize the world spirits, which you do, I mean it's not even a question of wanting to, it's inevitable uh, so desacralization has to happen because you have to be able to move in a world of objects, not in a world of gods and and powerful, powerfully enchanted symbols, you have to be able to to strip them to their to their uh utility, but the process has to be managed by a a a intensifying hard elsewhere, and romance is that heart and in the wrong hands and the wrong. and it turns into fascism. uh, if it attempts to subborn rational to to the attempt to enforce a a purely emotive uh, non-structured libido, that's not good. that's where you get the fascism, but like there needs to be a sacral, there needs to be a recognition of the insufficiency of the material world, and that's. and the romance speaks to that, i got shit, i got one second here, i might have to, i might have to log off, but i'll log right back on, i got a message, i got to respond to it, i'm back, you guys, am i am I still here? All right, here I am, I'm back, sorry about the ads, yes, I've been replaced by q and on. clone, the proofs, by the way, i got bit by, i got i got stung by a mosquito or bitten, sucked off by a mosquito, about uh, what i'd say about 10 minutes ago, i got nothing, i got nothing, i got no irritation, i got no redness, i got no itchiness, i don't know what that means, i don't know, does that mean that i'm the messiah, probably not, but until i meet somebody else who has that same condition, i'm going to have to assume it means that in some way i have been... chosen by the cosmos to complete a great destiny. No, I'm kidding. I'm normal. How long does it take? I kind of assumed it would be instant. Oh man, I'm wondering if there's something I could spray out here to get these guys away from us, I don't want to make the grilling uncomfortable for people, I'm uh, I'm still rocking the lacroys, got to finish these before I get a new one, fingers crossed, hard sharer is next in town, by the way guys, I got uh, I got chicken nuggets last night, as I promised I would. and i used my uh gochung the the pepper paste as a dipping sauce, i mixed in a little ketchup which is uh a that and garlic is is the recipe for the sauce they put on the uh korean fried chicken anyway very good, it was nice uh the spread of kuon, it's inevitable man, i mean i everyone has to resolve these contradictions, everyone has to resolve the reality of bourjois democracy losing its legitimacy in in real time uh and and the flight to like a a narrative, a a compensary narrative that allows you to believe that someone's in charge, someone's in control and that you don't have to do anything, it's going to be incredibly powerful, especially among the petty bourgeois, the the most the most alienated portion of the... economy in terms of or of the society in terms of uh like being alienated from each other and alienated from any sort of uh unconditional reality, the social basis for fascism, and q is is a is a is a it's a uh, it's a backstash mish a dshels legend, whatever the hell they call it in german, it's it's the November criminals. all over again uh, only the thing is is that the the the nazi pitch, and this is why fascism is not a useful term in my opinion to describe what we're going through, so compare Q and on to to the nazi dochel's legend, backstab myth, right? uh, the the nazi uh history, history of world war one was brave, powerful German empire was in a position to win, defeat the horrible uh, the the dirty anglos. and the and the and the smelly uh jacks uh when these uh politicians, these SDP politician or spd politicians, these triple parentheses politicians, rose up and stabbed them in the back uh, but that was just the first part of the narrative, the second part of the narrative, and we have to punish them, join the nazis, come out into the streets, march, uh, vote, beat up a communist, maybe shoot one. if you're really serious about it uh and what does Q and on say and says we live in this decaying shit realm that's supposed to be the greatest country in the world because our the the institutions of governance and and social control uh are ruled by cabal of of child worshipping monsters uh not they have the same otherness of the of the Jewish of November criminals but because semitism has become less of a cohesive social uh expression and now more of a like a fringe alienating thing, it gets turned into uh essentially stuff that was taken from uh culture, the same way that anti-semitism is drawn from like folk European culture, folk European culture is suffused with anti-semitism because the Jews were were not part of the community, that's the that's the flip side of community and why community is such a fucking fraught concept is because it's unity, but it's also unity against, and that is why the f, that's why there's a teleology to marxism is because a global self-conscious human species has transcended the the the divide between self and other between in group and out group, and and and but if in the absence of that you have tribalism and you have fear of other, and so the Jews were always an excuse for why things went wrong, because it's easier to take it out on someone else than it is to deal with an internal problem, if you're on the top of the pyramid or the bottom, it's still there, so anti-semitism is a folk European, folk European concept that could then be channeled to explain away the the incongruity of the mighty german army losing a war to a bunch of frogs and and brits and and uh and half breed Americans, we don't have that, that's not really, i mean it's part of the firmament and like the more abstract. It's now been transferred by culture by by our uh by ' hollywood uh dream weavers ironically enough into these archetypes, which these guys have decided, this is the bad guys, and they're why we don't have a good country, and but the difference is the next step for them is not, and now we have to stop them, we have to punish them, it's enjoy the show, watch what happens next, it's yeah, there's bad guys in charge of everything, this, but the institutions are not bad, the institutions are... not that it produced this outcome are not irredeimable because those institutions are institutions I have a lot of emotional and financial in a lot of cases commitment to. No, there are still there is still uh there's an immune system that has been activated by us and by Donald Trump and if we let him do his job buy gum we're going to fucking uh we're going to take care of them but not by us doing anything we get to watch and we get to interact we get to it's basically a giant game of... clues, you get to follow the clues, but it's up to steve to fucking like actually grab the thing, and that's why fascism is not what we have, because you need a society, you have to have a social dimension to politics to be activated for fascism to be an operative concept, and and that's the thing that the fascism concepts obscures when we're trying to figure out what the fuck is going on, because it assumes a public, and we don't have one, and if you assume a public, it leads you to. correct conclusions about what to do next, because you're making assumptions about organizational capacity that are not true. we don't not, we don't have the social fabric necessary to sustain or require that. all we need is the fucking technology of authoritarianism, which is what we have, all like, you need this, you need x, this is the amount of authoritarian control you need in a society where bourgeois, democratic norms have been. away by crisis and can no longer sustain the social uh friction caused by our uh by exploitation of capitalism because there's no more money to lubricate the exchange, we're grinding gears here, it's pure extraction, we're being proletary, we're being we're going for being proletarianized to being reensurfen under technofeudalism and it's like the the chassy is buckling under that reality, what do you do, well you got to have a certain amount of repression, you have to have a repressive apparatus to maintain enough of a social bond to keep these people in the positions as consumers and workers that we need them to be, so this is it, and it's a mixture of human inputs and political legitimacy and technology, and in the 1930s, like the ratio is mostly human political input, because the political sphere is engaged, everyone's political, they they just got democracy in in Germany for Christ sake at that point, uh, everyone was, the vast majority of people imagine themselves as political vectors and specifically the... working class all communists or uh or social democrats considered themselves part of a political project and lived politically and had a political uh and and that meant that the government required a political legitimacy and fascism was a mechanism to to put to procure political legitimacy for capital in in in the realm by adopting a lot of the language that's why they call themselves socialists. That's why there's a red in the banner, they actually said, why, why do you want it red, the communist flags are red, and I think it was Hitler said, or it might have been Anton Drexler said, we want to out here, like they're red, we're redder, because beginning at the end of the day, fascism stripped of all of the confusing shit and the and the loaded emotional stuff and the argument about like is it is it the theory or the practice, before it was anything, it was a sales pitch, that's what distinguishes fascism every other political ideology that dominated European democracy at that point from from socialism to liberalism to arch reaction, embodied a class perspective, a specific class, or in the case of the center party, religious perspective, some ac an axis of identity that cut against capital, because very few people saw themselves as capitalists, not the way people saw themselves as farmers and workers or catholics. and so where is the mass constituency for for capital? fascism emerged, the guys who created it, guys like Hitler and Mussolini or conartists first and foremost, they had no real beliefs, they saw a need in the marketplace, and they filled it, post facto, with the first post-modern political, the self-consciously post-modern political movement, designed as a sales pitch to an electorate, in order to capture enough people in the in the in the space of the public sphere. to confer confirm political legitimacy on capitalism in crisis, which is what it did. the current model, now where we're living in this same amount, you need the same amount relative size, right of repression. "almost all of it is technology now, there's barely any public space, the public sphere has been completely deracinated and depoliticized and destroyed by suburbanization, by the long labor peace, uh weakening uh class bonds to racial conflict, everything you could name to television, to the internet. all of these things together uh have stripped us of a social fabric and therefore stripped our institutions of the need for a certain degree of public political legitimacy. that they used to have, the legitimacy is now just stark power in the form of our police power and our military, so that means that there is no need for that pitch, you don't need to pitch anything, the the the mask will slowly fall, but at every level it will be legitimized by process and then reinforced by our techno authoritarian systems of control. at no point will it intersect with mass movements. uh, someone ask for a good book on Buddhism uh, there's a couple, actually my friend, shout out to my friend John, uh, who is, was who, had a very similar experience to me, year, before I did, and has been a Buddhism for longer than me. uh, when I first have my moment, he helped me, hook me up, he got me a couple of great books, uh, uh, tiknahans, the heart of the buddhist teachings and mindfulness and plain English, which is apparently a textbook for school kids in Thailand, and is a very good entry way to the practice of like meditation and uh, and essentially trying in any way to shut your fucking mind off, which is the hardest thing in the world for me anyway, it's insanely difficult. and I need help. Chamski, I mean at this point, Chamsky has ran out of things to say for 30 years because he does not have in fact a dialectical understanding of history, so all he can do is keep ringing the same dinner bell, keep saying, you got to vote for a democrat because the republicans are nialistic. Well, the over time the democrats. by emboding the the values they do, and partially the reason they do that continually is because there's no pressure at the bottom to for them to change, because their votes, the votes of voters uh are being held hostage by the party because of the very moral rubric that Chamsky endorses, like chomsky tells them, you have to vote for democrats because of the moral question, because as distinct objects, the democrats are better than the republicans on some scale, that that is idealism and it is garbage, the reality is because the democrats fear nothing from their base and fear no rebellion, fear losing no real votes from their base as long uh then can continue to be the party that drifts rightward with the republicans and in fact accelerates the republican push right, because if the democrats push right like as a triangulation strategy, that means that the republicans have to go further right, even independent of like the natural uh, uh flow that pushes them right, they get accelerated even further right by the democrats accommodating them, they're connected, all these things are in connection with another, the not discrete things and that's why I don't really have any use for chapsky anymore, but that doesn't mean he's bad or that like his classic works aren't worth reading or anything because everything isn't all or nothing, it's all on a gradient because everything's connected to everything else, so you cannot cut something off. from its connection and determine it all to be all of one thing. now you can make 51% judgment, which is what we all do and need to do for everything, because things do boil down to yes no questions and binaries, but that answer is not complete, this is all of this and this is all of that, it is, this is 51% at least of this. of course, if the democrats lose, of course they'll go to the right. I mean look how far the right they are now, look at look at how the democrats went from humoring people on medicare for all to essentially curbstomping anybody who even mentions the concept, like remember when uh when Obama pushed uh the ACA as a first step towards socialized medicine as something that they could be built on, now half of these fucking people think that uh medicism is racist or something, but of course that means they're going to get push, they're going to get pushed further and further and further to the left on social issues, that will... of course happen, but only at the realm of rhetoric and symbol. that's the thing that's important to remember is that everybody talking about this shit forgets that when you're referring to corporate and and major party uh cooptation of social issues, they're doing it at the level of symbol and costume, and if they aren't, that doesn't help either, because none of these problems can be. resolved at the level of symbol or at the level of social issue because you have to make material changes to generate new social relationships that are more equal. see somebody somebody points out, well fascism if is as you have said colonial efforts being brought inward bonial method of control being brought inward isn't that fascism? no, yes, but that is a that's a element of a greater project, and to me you have to strip like capitalism and crisis from fascism as a response to capitalism in crisis. i think capitalism in crisis necessitates, as i have said, increased authoritarianism, resolving contradictions through force by by abolishing. the play act, the kabooki of the political process that is no longer affordable, it's it's like i was talking about how you don't see squibs or real guns in movies, it's because the the the line item, the amount of money they need on return on this stuff means it's not affordable, bourgeois democratic nicities at a certain point become unaffordable and then you have to resolve that because you still have a public to deal with who are used to a certain degree of nicities they you buy a girl dinner first and with them being gone they have to be replaced. to something, and colonial methods of control are going to be part of it, because that's where the state learns how to coerse in the absence of any kind of uh local political legitimacy, that's where that's where the a state that is bound by in its uh core, like the like uh, i would say even early like early colonial England was to a degree, like they had to pergining democracy, that was post uh English civil war, certainly post revolutionary France. and definitely the United States, they have at their center like a a a a a basic political culture, because there is a basic political legitimacy being distributed through a social order, even if it's exploitative as they all are, there's still a hegemmany a buying at every level. colonies especially colonies of like invasion and and occupation are zones where the authority. as exercised, but there is no corresponding political identity and political legitimacy given to that authority by the people, it's just naked force, and so when political, when the political facade of the core uh capitalism is no longer affordable, is dissolved away in the acid of crisis, then you got to bring back these instruments and they've obviously been flowing there over time as as the facade has gone away, but it accelerates with time. fascism, in my opinion, the thing that's useful as a as a historical and political concept is that political project, and I would say that focusing on the term focuses on our us on an understanding of the political that is not operative. I think that. sense right? that seem like a good one. that seem like it made sense. i've been trying to get it something with that and i feel like i finally got it out of there. i feel like i pulled a sliver out of my thumb or something. i feel good. the thing is is somebody's asking like is it historically contingent or is it ideological? it's both. everything is both. the question is what's what elements? are operative in the current moment you're looking at the through it through the lens of. i would say the ideology of not of fascism is relatively uh second order of importance. more important is its political efficacy as a concept to the current moment and there i don't see it. i believe it is and it's very nice, this is one of my favorite summer shirts, yeah, it has an ideology, but the thing is because it was a sales pitch before it was an ideology, it's an apparently incoherent, it's it's just the death drive turned into a a party platform, and that is why it's so hard, it's so shifting, because that makes it culturally contingent, that means the ideology is culturally shaped in a way that isn't true necessarily with other ideologies, because it is first and foremost a channeling of native cultural emanations of alienation, specifically from like the dominant middle class strata as incounters economic conflict and social change that it cannot process. uh, the downshine with the linen is that it always feels like it always kind of looks uh. recently laundered and you get like the curled up the bacon, but it's a it's a it's a chillout outfit, so it doesn't matter, people are telling me that you could be the ottamans in civ, i absolutely want to see what i can do with that, buse i don't really think they could i walter shebel is pretty persuasive that they couldn't have taken Europe, but in a video game if i'm good enough, i bet i could do it, also i i'm a big fan of just the whole like battle for the mediterran'. and so also i would imagine i'd like to be the serene republic itself and see if i could create like i could like could i could i from Venice start capitalism in 1400 instead of 1800 like just get that puppy going then we may maybe we literally would have flying cars or the earth would be a completely hollow cinder. Okay, someone, yeah, that seems more of a universal, universalist thing, but that's a good one. I was thinking of like different things to shoot for, and I like, get, create capitalism in Europe 400 years early with Venice, and that's it's it's the ottomans are a big reason that Venice declined and ended up being sort of a prefigurative model and not the beginnings of capitalism because it was the re it was... trade, it was the reflow of of the redirection of trade to the northern tier that helped uh jump startted in the low countries and and the UK, but also legitimately the the the culture wasn't ready for it because the the technology didn't exist to to accelerate it. Yeah, no, I mean, I mean, there's no, there was no other way for Venice to go. I mean, that's that's why these things are all kind of, you know, bad history, because they they make you assume conditions that didn't obtain and undermine like the fixedness of things, how like, you really don't have a lot of options, you really don't have a lot of choice uh, in any moment, uh, but in a video game, hey, maybe I can do it. people are also telling me to play victoria, someone told me that Victoria is the most realistic because it's got the and the most materialist because it's got the most uh fixation on creating an economy and sustaining like an industrial production, honestly though that kind of sounds boring, come on, I'm playing a video game, just give me a country to click on and so I can click on another guy and like overtake it or something. I also would like to see if I could prevent the the uh reformation from happening for sure, get a Hapsburg, universal gemani going with a Martin Muther's head on a stick. I played Kaisari, I actually went on left trigger and played Kaiserike a while ago and it was, I was terrible, but the thing is I don't think anybody really know how to play it, I would need experience players with whatever it is. Thing is though, if you end the reformation, but it doesn't change the fact that there's this trade trade thing in the northern tier of Europe, even if it doesn't get called the reformation, it ends up being capitalism. but maybe it's a different version, maybe it's restrained, maybe it's in a horse, maybe it's in teasers in a way that protestantism wasn't, and maybe it goes in a in a more humane direction, i mean obviously towards armaget. towards annihilation towards barbarism, but maybe it a jant, or maybe it a saunter instead of a jant. I mean, think, I think that's really all you can ever talk about with counterfactuals is, are you, like, are you lessening overtime the impact of a process, not changing it completely, because the flow is just not, you can't pick out the thing that does it, because it's all bounded together, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's all risomatic, as I hate, as a term that is always fun to say to get. people annoyed, shittiest founding father, okay, i like shittiest, because it doesn't imply the historical judgment that i don't like making, like good or bad, shitty is a personal trait, and that you can talk about, you could you can talk about historical figure like is he an asshole, is this guy a piece of shit that? could talk about all day, whether they were good or bad, especially if they were very consequential, now you're you're mixing your categories up, like you're trying, that's what 90% of conflict comes down to is that you've got like the metaspiritual dimension of something that is personal, and then you have the uh the material fully determined uh, relationship of items to one another, and one emates for the other, but they'... the but the judgment you use for one is not the one you use for the other one uh but i'd say the shitties just like personally i don't like him is jefferson he just seems like the biggest like just smug posing prick just i mean obviously there's the cheap uh there's the cheap irony of him writing the declaration of independence while owning slaves but not only that the way he wrote about slavery the way he tried to like self-exercise it like exert exercise himself from moral uh question of it, just the uh and the way he was a slave owner too, like he was uh given money, i believe in lafayet, it was either lafayet or kazushko, might have, i think it was kazushka, kazushko's uh was of course you know a polish noble who had fought with the American sering revolution, it was new Jefferson, and he died and he he left a substantial portion of his state to jefferson uh who was always broke, but the condition of the will... that he freeed the slaves and he didn't do it, he took the money and he didn't do it, and like this guy, and it's not like he was hard scrabble, he just had extravagant tastes, he loved wine and he loved collecting books and he, it was an, it was, it was the, there was no other conditions to it, it was just pure a sacrifice of any moral consideration on an altar of just purely personal sensual indulgence, it's about as bad a moral calculus as you can have. this is the shitty guy also the yoman farmer bullshit jack me off forever just a complete fantasy no relationship to the to reality no relationship to the wheel of history and it's inevitable turning uh just just this pure moralistic idealistic notion of like well cities are bad and have bad things in them and and and farms are good and have good things in them as though these things are not interconnect. and and and require one another and therefore moral judgment is is totally beside the point. and is of course this brilliant idea like oh what about a yoman republic where everybody is a small farmer entirely predicated on the fantasy of continual expansion which you can't tell and the thing about that is that you could say hey they didn't know any better. first of all jefferson knew better because he know how big the country was. he literally was one of the only guys who actually knew. he sent leus and clark out there after he bought half the fucking thing and the other is that other people knew what this was going to do to was john quince adams in his uh diaries talks very much about how like the the westward expansion is going to destroy the fabric of this country the soul is going to be eaten out of it from within by this westward expansion by this ceaseless demand for and supply of export exportable land takable land conquerable land uh, whereas the rest of these Virginia dynasty dickheads are just like, what, no, everybody gets a farm, it's fine, no social issues will ever emerge, well that'l be great, conflict smonflict, even though shmuck, it's like ham, I'm not snoring anything, I'm doing my vape, uh, how can you guys not understand the difference in in in sound, come on, or that I'm not like moving my head up, you got to do the head thing, right? if i was going if i was doing coke on stream which i would not i think i'm done i'm not i don't do coke uh i would every time i did it i would put on uh man boy by oney waters and go into the camera cuz come on good fellows am i right you can climb a mountain you can sing the sea. is a bad drug, very very, no use at all for anything, garbage, the junk food of drugs, and I mean when you consider it's ecological footprint and the amount of violence that it it engenders just all around, thumbs down on that one. I think cocoine must be popular, I mean I wonder why people like it really, I think some people just aren't like confident enough in their opinions to state them until they're zuted, like they have to have their they have to be like have a button pressed that says you know tell your ideas, some of us just have the confidence to just say our ideas to anyone into any format. Ooh, this is an interesting one. Who is the most cringe president? That's a good question. I got, I got to little think back through here. Cringiest president. I would say from the modern perspective, and maybe even at the time, it's got to be nixon due to his uh, his raw need right, because that's what cringe. is, you're cringing with embarrassment, you're cringing because you're imagining how bad it would feel if you had said that, right? that's why you're cringing, and Nixon, his entire promic presentation was this hangdog, very kind of self-consciously uh, self-pitting style, and then of course he he debates with nick with Kennedy and just gets trounced because he looks like a sallow loser, and then he does things like after he lost the 1960. to governatorial race to Pat Brown, he just vents to the media and goes, you guys won't have Dick Nixon to kick her out anymore, I mean, and then he had to resign, the only guy ever to do it, embarrassing, oh god, can you imagine just giving it up, every instinct in my body rebels against the notion, but I must step down, of course the guy had wanted to be, all these guys, they've only ever wanted to be president, and he gave it up because of how badly he fucked up and the whole time sweating, 5 o'clock shadow, talking about his mother. my mother is a saint, that's that's embarrassing. George W. Bush, George HW Bush also very cringe, because one turmer and one turmers are all cringe. Carter's cringe, poor Martin van Buren, as much as he was a political genius is kind of cringe. The guy built the democracy around the the figure of Andrew Jackson, and then he gets turfed out after one term because of fucking uh, because of a of a depression that started under Jackson. and then spends the whole time getting derided as a little fancy lad with self cufflings and fine wines sitting in the white house, even though he was the guy, the democracy, the democratic party originally founded around yoman masculinity and some fucking wig, the party of the party of church boys and and financiers, the the citified party, gets this guy to come in from a a war uh guy come from the from the from the uh war with the natives, which is exactly the kind of thing the democrats waged unceasingly to keep the the the mob at bay with land, and he fucking says, i grew up in a hard, i grew up in a log cabin and drank hard cider, what did you do, you little fancy lad, and it worked, can you believe it? embarrassing, like the mush, like the rush of mighty water, all the country through. It is the ball I'm rolling on for Tipic and Tyler 2 and with it we'll beat little van, van is a used up man, damn it, nobody remembers anything about Martin Vampiren, but maybe they heard that song, van is a used up man, I mean that's a fucking diss, that's shade, that's T and I'm sipping it, the guy was a fucking political jean. going to be resolved along party lines, the're going to be resolved factionally, the dream of a non-function, non-factional democracy in a capitalist system where all relationships produce conflicts and contradictions that have to be resolved, will not involve party conflict, foolish. yes, Trump is not cringe, not yet anyway, although he's getting there i say if he loses he'll be cringe, the whole thing will be cringe retroactively, but he's like the more it looks like he's losing the more cringe he is, it's honest like not only are, i don't know how you would want to, it's interesting, this is like a good psychological experiment here, like a good or good, it's like psychological thought experiment, like this is a Heisenburg thing, so i really feel like as Biden has sit there, sat there at the high poles, certainly before the whole like now with the post office thing everyone's convinced Trump's going to win and they've already basically admitted to themselves it's going to happen. which means when it happens no one's going to do anything, because we've all essentially reconciled ourself now to, oh he's going to steal the election by by uh closing all the uh post offices, that means when he does it we're all going to be okay with it because we're already okay with it because we're letting it happen in front of us. i'm not blaming anyone for that, i'm just saying that that's what's happening. so before that though, when it looked like biden was going to win, trump's posts peered lamer, they didn't have the fire, they didn't have the - he it seemed he seemed more desperate, he seemed less sure. himself, but was that him responding to the reality of the of the the presidency, maybe slipping away from him, or more importantly him losing something and making him a loser, which is all he really cares about, or do I only perceive it that way, because I think that he is losing his power, how could I, this is why we all need to get together, this is why we need to overlap our lukuna, because I can't answer that question definitively about myself, no one can, it is only through the the the the stacking. of experience that we can find a commonality and then like pierce a put a needle through it and find core out something close to the truth or closer to the truth than any one of us is going to get to by themselves. Obama, Obama, the thing is, he worked. I don't know if you can ever call a president cringe when he cruises through two terms, I mean he got his ass kicked, but did he care? like all the stuff that he got his ass kicked on is not stuff that he cares about. what he cares about is got two terms is cool, hangs out with hollywood celebrities, gets to eat the baby brains with all the other guys, how do i imagine he's cringe then? truman can't be cringe because there's no more epic moment than the 1948 election, holding up, holding up the truman, the dewy beach truman Chicago Times, you will not beat uh that for ownage, that gets you through a lot. Lindon Johnson also very cringe, that's a hell of a cringe spell there, and of course of course it comes after the coolest president, right? I would also say that Mckinley and Garfield are cringe because they're the presidents got assassinated, but nobody remembers, which is brutal, that's that's like absolutely. we're not here to cringe, but we get to cringe at the thought of being that, even though we wouldn't know, because like you think about assassinated presidents, it's Lincon and fucking JFK, and they have all those things in common, right? Oh, Lincoln secretary was named Kennedy, Kennedy secretary was named Lincoln, Kennedy got shot in a Lincoln, uh, Ford Lincoln, uh, Lincoln got shot in a Ford's theater and that completely ignores those two uh losers, I would say john. Quince Adams is was cringe in his lifetime but is now uh based completely Andrew Johnson was was cringe in that he would do things like go on drunken rants i mean he was shit faced at his inauguration which was you know adhack in front of a judge because the president just been shot but he was hammered he gave a speech he gave an imprompt speech that was filled with returperative uh bitterness uh and resentment because he was super uh self-conscious of the fact that he was a Tennessee Hillbilly. But he also pissed off, he like, he was able to single-handedly like derailed reconstruction to the horror of basically the entire political class of the the the winning country, like we won that shit, and the party that won it wasn't. of the entire legislature and couldn't do anything or couldn't do a lot of the stuff wanted to do buse this fucking corn shit head was hooting to jug in the white house uh so that made him the fact that he was able to uh exert that kind of power in the face of unified opposition almost. Jimmy Carter was incredibly cringe. Hey everybody, there's a terminal crisis of capitalism happening, we cannot consume at the rate we used to, uh, you guys just need to all wear sweaters and feel bad about yourself for being so materialistic, and and and everyone's going to see the importance of that, and they're going to give me, they're going to pat me on the back for being straight with them. That was for like five minutes people did. he got a big bump after that speech, people forget that, but then at the end of the then the hostage crisis happened and it was like, oh yeah, you're just the big uh ws, here's just the big fucking wooss, yeah, uh, carter was a complete uh psycho, did you guys know this, he did not have a chief of staff for his first two years in office, he was essentially his own chief of staff, chief of staff is one of the most uh intense jobs in Washington, very few... people do it for more than uh two years unless they have like no family like Andy Card I think was Bush's uh uh secretary or secretary of state uh chief of staff he was Bush is chief of staff for the full second term but he like had he was like an incel he had no wife he had no kids usually two years and he was president and chief of staff for the first two years of his term uh what nuck case? uh, yeah, no, Carter sold everyone a good bill of goods, Carter was Obama, and the reason he's cringe and Obama isn't is because Obama got that second turn, baby, can't fucking no phase, can't see him, got that second term, Carter got the boot because the forces allied against him in the wrong order, booya out of here, but he uh, he sucked. and he he he got people in because he convinced people that he was a good person, that he was a good human being, and that that's what mattered, because everyone had been horrified by Nixon, and because we cannot systematize anything, because we have to personalize everything, that's what this culture does, Nixon's evil had to be described in personal terms, his personal personality and his personal wickedness, and that meant that the problem of the... lack of trust we now had in our political institutions, it's not because gas is you know gone up 100%, it's not because every uh factory in the company country is already starting to shut down uh that that you know things cost more and and people are making less uh no no no that has nothing to do with it it's cuuse we have evil people in charge and if we get a good guy in there he'll be the good and the thing is is that that was also what Carter thought Carter thought he was a good person he wasn't lying and that's why people believed him he was not uh selling people some fraud about how he was a guy great guy, he really thought he was a great guy, and tending his moral garden was the only thing he really cared about, and that meant that when he was confronted with the crisis of uh, of stagflation, his answer was, well, uh, we need to be virtuous, and that starts with me, and one of the most virtuous things I could do is start imposing limits on uh, what's politically possible in terms of spending and tell people that, hey, you now, we're the democratic party, and our job is to provide you with the goods of capitalism. you don't get anything, they still get to keep all the looker, the the corporations are still in charge of everything, they still run your life and they demand your money uh, and they get all the profit, but you're going to get less money and you should, you should, you should just fill that hole with spirit, I'm not going to give you even an idea where to get any of that, read some for Christopher Lash or go to church, I don't fucking know, uh, and it's virtuous of me to level with you, and you know what, if I lose power, if I get out of office, it's virtuous too, and Carter losing was. obviously kind of like, maybe not at the time, but in retrospect, it's probably one of that sicco's favorite moments of his life is losing, because he feels like he now can in his mind believe that he uh did what all Christians are called to do and that is imitate Christ in his life, he was he was murdered, he was he was, he was crucified, on a cross of fiscal responsibility. All right guys, I'm out of here, good talk, bye-bye.