 just got back from Illinois, lock the front door, oh boy, got to set down, take a rest on the porch, presidentitation sets in, pretty shoe i'm singing, do do looking at my back door, there's a comet doing cart wheels, statue wearing high heels, look at all the happy faces dancing on the wall, I now so patrolling, listening to Buck Owens, look at my back door, that's life, that's what all the... people say when you're riding high in April, you shot down in May, I know I'm going to change is that too, when I'm back on top, back on top in June, I said that's life, as crazy as it may seem, some people get their kicks from stopping on a dream, but I know that if it's that way, this is July. I'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball and die bye. do the alligator, the backbone tip? you going to feel all right uh feels pretty good y'all uh let's go, that's about one time so somebody got in touch with Chris and suggested a topic and it was something actually had something I wanted to say. so thank you to whoever suggested this because uh, i think this is interesting, they wanted to know about the white, if i had any opinions of the white house plumbers show, which is now on max, we love max, don't we folks, we love our content sluis, give me a sluuis of content and i'll be happy, uh, so it's interesting, so i start watching the show, and i just what strikes me is how unhbo it is. and so I remember, oh right, they already made a fucking watergate show that was on Stars the year, last year, called Gaslet, which is the name is I think why I didn't even think about watching it, I was like gaslight, fuck off, no thank you, that that is some fucking uh, twitter neurosis projected back into the past, get it out of here, but since I'm watching white house bluberers, I decided what would be interesting, you know, watch them back to back, so every episode. of whers i've been watching the equivalent episode of gaslight afterwards, and it's fascinating, so if you had taken the labels off of these shows and i didn't know anything about them and you made me watch them and said which one is the HBO show and which is on one of those johnny come lately is like stars or epics or whatever the fuck, i would have said, oh it's this gaslet show, it has bigger stars, it's got Julia Fucking Roberts as Martha Mitchell, it's got Shawn Pen as John Mitchell uh... it's got a more traditional sort of prestige uh narrative and character based so buse it's got Martha Mitchell as you know the put-upon wife who's speaking truth to power but it's also got as a subsidiary uh protagonist John Dean who you over the course of the movie he or of course the show falls in love with the liberal and finds his conscience and all this so it's a more conventional show from a point like with point of view characters that the audience is meant to sympathize with uh start the white house pumbers, you know, you got woodie Harolson, yeah, but Justin Throw, you know, this is not on the same level of of of prestige uh uh cast. and also it's from their point of view, like those are the point of view characters is Liddy and mostly Howard hunt, a guy who the the movie, the show is like kind of inching up towards suggesting uh helped kill Kennedy, which has been the most interesting part of the show, white house plumbers is that it seems to be taking a pretty uh a stringent like point of view as opposed to just being get a load of these goof balls, although get allow these goof balls is the main enjoyment. but what strikes me is like these shows came out back to back and yet they they were developed like um distant apart from each other in time enough that they represent two completely different epocks of uh of like uh culture pop culture pr understanding of like the moment in politics so gaslet is like 100% a product of the Trump administration popular culture of hysteria and panic, like oh my god, Trump is a monster, Trump is going to kill us all, we have to stop him, we have to come together as Americans and recognize that this is not who we are, and like having calling it gaslet and making the centerpiece of it being Martha Mitchell getting slapped around by her security guard so she doesn't tell anybody about what's going on, uh, it gets that feeling, there's even a a a moment which just made my took my breath away when uh Martha Mitchell is arguing with John Mitchell about Nixon and she's like, fuck, fucking Nixon, he's got small hands, she says Nixon has small hands, which is not anything anybody ever said about Nixon, that's the thing they say about Trump, very obvious, very like, this is Trump, we're doing a Trump analogue, and we're trying to get you to rise to your better nature, you pig like Americans, uh, whereas my sc feels very much like a biden era show where like Trump has come and gone, the world is still here shittier, but basically the same, and we're all vaguely embarrassed, and more than anything we recognize our institutions is filled with pathetic losers at every level, and that it is a squalid and not a Shakespearian world that we're trapped in. and that is most exemplified by the uh the performances of the two G Gordon Liddies uh so Justin Throw is Ggordon Liddy uh and Lighthouse plumbers and he is doing it as a a relatively surface level like a buffoon a a guy who is uh very full of himself very pompous but also incompetent a very... brotherersy type of take on uh uh Liddy just like he's got this playing a fake plummy accent and he's just takes things very seriously while also being an idiot and a nazi which they point out very clearly uh and so it's it's you know it's funny but it's also uh one dimensional. She wigam plays Ggordon Litty in Gastlet and he is bufoonish and funny at times. but he is also terrifying, like there's like a snake-like uh demonic aggression coming off of him, and the way that they treat Liddy and his pension for putting his hand over flames and burning himself to show his will, in white house plumbers, I don't think they they they show him with the with the uh bandaid on, I don't think they ever show him like actually doing it, at one point he does it to show how to how much he he's gonna not like he's devoted to not turning on uh on the president after getting arrested and he blows out the candle, but on glasslet the very first shot is of G Gordon Liddy holding the hand over the flame and reciting this you know nazi speech about how will alone is what uh pulls humanity out of the the the chaos of uncreation and you know all that stuff and uh and he's fucking scary he's... like clearly someone would kill and maybe has killed in the name of what he calls the kingdom, which is you know the white supremacy fascist republican party that Trump era culture was freaking out about, and so they may he has to be scary because he is the boogie man that this sort of politics represented by Nixon, but really represented by Trump, has within it, and and which will be. a little bit by the experience of what is what are these people really capable of? and you know the answer is January 6th with a lot of people were freaked out about, but which in hindsight, I think those of us who say this is a bunch of goof balls blowing off steam have been vindicated by, like it didn't even set off some sort of stochastic violence campaign, you know, um, now they're still capable of petty grief, petty uh tyranny, fascism and mass shootings, that's going to keep. happening, but you know, that's just like, it's like climate change, it's like microplastics infiltrating our fucking uh genome and and like what, cutting our life expectancy, uh, it's it's part of the general decline era that we find ourselves in, it's not an apocalyptic rupture, it's lasso protestant humor, not just protestant humor, mormon humor, we can't forget um, when Mitt Romney dressed like Ted Lasso to give a Halloween present to his girlfriend Christian Cinema, global mormo, I mean they do have global power uh, and they... gotten into the very highest ranks of American power and influence, they wanted it more, literally, they they hustled, they created a a mytho-poetic relationship to American capitalism that was less internally uh conflicted than that of their fellow American protestants. Okay. so that's white house pomers i might have more to say when it's over, but for now that's my impression and it's kind of interesting to me and i do say it's enjoyable uh but so far it's like sort of been you know sort of like with thoro's performance surface level the most interesting thing is this teased element that like this is actually about the Kennedy assassination much way the which is much have uh the same way as how uh oliver stone imagined watergate as as blowback from the bay of pigs. I read two out of the three three body problems, I will read the third one soon, all right, so I got some more of these, I opened one of these golf war sets, and there's some good ones in this one, so I wanted to do a a quick deck, because there's at least one in here that I remember being very uh fun. so first we got a warbird, the old f14 tomcat, this is uh, this is maverix, this is maverix uh, ship, what do they call them, jet highway to the danger zone, highway to the danger zone, gonna have a dog fight in the mediterranean with, maybe it's Libya, who knows, airboat, are they called airboats, so they have? 14 tomcat baby, launched from either a carrier or a ground base, the tomcat is a multiroll aircraft with a sophisticated radar missile system that enables it to simultaneously track 24 targets while attacking six with its phoenix missiles, it can select and destroy targets up to 100 miles away, powered by two turbofan engines with 27,000 pounds thrust, wow, it can fly higher than 56,000 feet, there are 114 tomcats deployed in operation desert storm. you love something that has multiple roles. i think they got rid of that right? it seemed like for a while they were just stuffing all the roles into one, like that's what happened with the bradley uh fighting vehicle too, you know, they they try to make one thing everything. have they gone? it seems like they've kind of gone back away to uh to more uh specialized stuff, but i don't know. i think they're like with the f35, i think there are different types of the f35. with different specializations if I'm not correct, if I'm not incorrect, I think uh, so what's so someone is, okay, this is very interesting, someone is saying that the f14 was decommissioned in part because it was not multirol, didn't they figured out other ways to do rolls and the f14 wasn't uh rolly enough, the F18 came along was like, hey, you thought you were multirol, I am... I guess this is before the merger speed mac 2.3 max range 576 miles. Armament, 20 millimeter gun, four sparo missiles or eight sidewinder missiles, or six missiles, or six phoenix missiles and two sidewinder missiles. I would go, if I'm doing my loadout, I'm doing six phoenix and two sidewinders, you know, to give me options. Crew two, yeah, who are you gonna intercept? that what why? Who are you intercepting? There's no intercepting to do. All right, here we go, we've got military skill, the phonetic alphabet, any any Wilco fans out there will know what this refers to, the phonetic alphabet, over the radio, some alphabet letters sound alike, to avoid confusion, US soldiers substitute words for letters, a message giving map coordinates z72b would be spoken Zulu 72, bravo. And here we go, uh, Alpha, bravo, Charlie, Delta, echo, fox trock, golf hotel, India, Juliet, Kylo, Lima, Mike, November, Oscar, papa, Quebec, Quebec, really, Romeo, Sierra, Tango, uniform, Victor, Whisky, X-ray, Yankee, and Zulu. love to call uh white trash whiskey tango, that's always fun, golf, here we go, oh it's it's the judicial system everyone, it's the judicial system, it's just a picture of the Supreme Court building, it's the judicial system, getting... really abstract here, a unique feature of the US government is the power of the judiciary, oh brother, don't we know it? oh boy, we sure do know that, granted by the case of Barbory versus madison in 1803, an amazing piece of jurisprudents where the uh the uh judiciary ruled that it had the right to uh uh review legislation just said hey i get to do that, and the thing is, in a closed system like that, new adaptations to uh, the the deliberative structure are going to come internally, someone is going to claim the rains and it'll be, it'll always end up being the judiciary because they are separated, they have that b, that barrier between them and direct politics, which means they can be trusted by elites more, which means they have more latitude. act unilaterally, elected leaders will always be checked by capital before they really change the rules of the game in any way, but you can trust the judiciary to hoard power because they will rule in favor of existing power, yeah that the the the warren court was really a mirage that that obscured the real relationship between the court and american democracy, and that was because we were there was this uh necessary liberalization of of social uh order necessary to accommodate a uh fully integrated global capitalist uh country and not just anyone but the number one the the chairman of the board the reality of living being the global hegemon is that that particularity is of the of the white America was no longer tenible and it wasn't going to come from legislation, it was going to have to come from people have to worry about voting getting voted on, and those were progressive changes, they had a progressive character, they're necessary for any sort of effective class politics to exist, because otherwise you could just divide racially the working force and forbid the... that becomes power, but it was not because of some greater virtue of the justice system, but liberals have, now liberals are being disabused of that, but it's been very difficult for them to get it through their minds, the judicial branch is one of three equal parts of the government, complementing the executive and legislative branches. the judiciary has the power to rule on the legality of law. as well as to make judgments on cases, from the top down, the federal judicial system is divided into three tiers: the Supreme Court, the federal courts and the district courts. And here we go, we got another one of the one of the members of the coalition, the UAE, UAE, folks, we got the UAE, UAE, United Arab Emirates, units seven shiicdoms, they gained their independence from Great Britain in 1971, during the 19th century, this area was called the pirate coast, ooh, cool, and based its economy on shipping and pearl diving, i think got to think piracy's got to be in there somewhere. i have read endgame by derekson, that was one of the first uh uh radical political texts i got when i was like in high school. today oil rains and the United Arab Emirates enjoys one of the world's highest per capita incomes. it is a member of the United Nations and has taken an active role in operation desert storm. they're just going the active role. they're there. got a pen it, they're waiving it back and forth. geographic area, 32,00 square miles, population 7.6 million, how many of those are native? languages, arabic, farsey and english, predominant religion, good old sufi islam, 80% only, interesting, maybe - shia, probably because there's shia in the eastern provinces of Saudi Arabia too, capital Abubi, government type, federation with power shared by central government and shiktums, interesting way to is that head of government, prime minister rasheed bin al- makktum, diego Garcia, uh, good old Diego Barcia, the Diego Garcia, that's one of those uh empire islands they got in the Indian Ocean I believe. Diagersia, main island of the Chagos Archipelago, has been part of the British Indian ocean territory since 1965, located, they got, I'm not going to read it, they have its uh coordinates, if you want to call in a bomb strike. Diego Garcia has no permanent civilian population and is a site of a joint anglo-American naval communication center. During Operation Desert Storm, Diego Garcia served as an airbase for B-52 bombers. It was discovered by Portugal in the early 16th century. Ah, the Portuguese. geographic area, all this guys geographic area because there's nobody in there, 10.5 square miles, give it up to Diego Garcia, folks, where would we be without them? here we go, these plays are always cool in movies. uh, we got a military asset, the E3 century uh awax, this is a surveillance guy with the big dish for monitoring information, one of these guys got. cooked at the beginning of independence day, if anyone remembers that e3 century awax, a militarized version of the boing 707, the e3 century was an essential tool of the airborne combat operations and operation desert storm, it's rotating radar dome and monitor everything that moved on the ground or in the air as far as 250 miles away. US and allied air attacks were likely directed by the 20 person mission crew of the century, ah that's nice, they they they were likely direct may one of these might have called in the strike. that blew up the Baghdad bomb shelter that killed 300 civilians, wonder if they got a metal for that one, manufacturer, good old boing aerospace, speed 545 miles, max time on station six hours, primary functions, airborne surveillance, command, control and communications, crew 17-23. Here we go, the T72, the T62 main battle tank here, this is one of those Russian bad boys that the irakis had, the Russian tanks, can't really beat the Russian tanks, just such a striking profile on those bad boys, uh, a soviet built main battle tank, the T62 is similar to the American M60. series in size and armament. the Iraqi tank is slightly faster but has less armor protection than the US MBt. the T62 has a larger main gun 115 millimeters versus the m60s 105 millimeters. ooh, ouch. it fires at a slower rate, four rounds per minute compared to six rounds per minute for the USM60. suck it. we boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, we're blasting off. It's not as much force, but it's it's quality, it's quantity over quality, that's the American model, and honestly that might be it, manufacturer. gold USSR, speed 31 mph, range 280 miles, armaments 115 millimeter gun, 17.62 millimeter machine gun, 123.7 millimeter machine gun for anti-aircraft defense, and crew of 4, hm, interest okay, this should be juicy and file middle east history present, it's middle east history present, i don't know what that means we're present from it's the history of the present, we are present for the history, kind of or we present middle east history, don't get it, one key to understanding present middle eastern events, okay, so they are saying it's the history of the present, is arab? for the benefit of power and therefore recognition. crucial to peace in the middle east is for western nations to acknowledge arabs for significance beyond terrorism, camels and oil.ins and continue to rise because they represent the hopes of people consider themselves ignored and mistreated. oh, that's interesting. so they're saying that us policy in the... least is creating hostility to the United States and solidarity among its people and eventual military and political power through the husseins and the qaddafis. Naser of course being the og of this, yes good old Arab nationalism, on the wayne here and we've done our much, we we've done all we could to destroy it, the... because the thing about like that kind of uh nationalism in the developmental context is it's pretty necessarily socialist to some degree or another because the only way you modernize is through uh sovereign control of capital distribution if end the story if you are not setting the conditions of of development in your country in your political capital then you are going to be turned into ' a tinpot potemkin country that masks a foreign extraction regime and this is of course one of the big reasons that the United States with its partners in Saudi Arabia carry off their gladio B program of funding arming and supporting and propagating uh radical sunni fundamentalist Islam. as a way to annihilate uh the secular political projects represented by Arab developmentalist nationalism and then they do something like have a blowback like 911 it's like it's not really anything that was not intended and in fact at one level of consciousness or another that I'm not sure of but definitely existed sought and desired. uh, this is interesting question, if we did have a pan-arab republic, where would the capital be? well, the natural answer would be Cairo, because not only is it uh, the the most capital of the most populous arab state, but it is the cultural capital of the Middle East, Egyptian uh culture, like television and movies and stuff is the most watched, the Egyptian um dialect is the one that you're most likely to hear. and entertainments in the area, but for that very reason maybe you want to go somewhere more neutral, like NASA tried to start that process by building the United Arab Republic between Egypt and Syria, but eventually the some faction of of Syrians were not going to want to have their sovereignty, claim by somebody in Cairo, so it would probably have to be a third new city built somewhere, maybe... could be, oh, you know what, maybe it will be uh, the line, maybe that could be the capital, here we go, we got leaders, we got javier perez, javier perez de celiar, we got our UN motherfucking general secretary, is he, is he the general secretary, yes, the secretary general of the United nations, selected to be the fifth secretary general of the United Nations in 1962, has spent many years in the diplomatic service of his native country, Peru, a member of the Peruvian delegation at the first general assembly of the UN in 1946, he was later appointed Peru's UN representative in 1970. he won, although a superb international negotiator. he was unable to resolve peacefully the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, which resulted in operation desert storm. sorry buddy, you fucked it up, we got to come in there and save everyone's ass by kicking it. uh, born in Lima Peru, birthday, January 19th, 1920, that guy's dead, right? yeah, education, the Catholic University of Lima. and finally another uh Arab country to join in the coalition and the one that started it all really the the real kind of villains of the whole piece uh the fucking little shitty theocracy greedy for oil Kuwait started all this nonsense by fucking with the border before operation does storm began, Kuwait accompanied accompanied, accomplished three stunning feets, own 20% of the world's known oil reserves, qualified as the world's second largest exporter of oil and allowed the shik to get half the profits of oil sales. Oil revenues permit a wide range of free social services for Kuwaiti citizens to pay no taxes. During the Ran Iraq War, 1980 to 1988, Kuwait sited with Iraq. Geographic area, six. 880 miles, population 2 million, language arabic and english, predominant religion, islam, although they're not specifying this time, capital of Kuwait city, it says Kuwait, but it's Kuwait city, government type, nominal constitutional monarchy, it's nominal, all right, and the head of government is the Amir, Sheikh Jabar al Ahmad, there we go, the shik that launched a thousand, scud missiles. sky tissue with the whist you saw it up it all the when bloody shit is lonely instance, when bloody shit is alone? i think that might be the first time i've ever done a uh red hot chili pepper song and not a very good one too, don't know why that got my head. uh, all right, we got one more pack here, i have. I guess I've been californicated, I think that's the only explanation, uh, we've got here a military asset, the f 46 wild weazel, I think Israel will probably use nuks at some point, yeah, I mean, I think we're going to use nuks at some point, I think neither one of us are going to be able to handle uh, the possibility of dismantling our power base, because the base. our power is the metaphysical understanding that it will never be relinquihed, because we would not do we do, we would not have the will to do as we did if we ever thought that we would face any sort of vulnerability, because how could we expect anyone else not to take our weakness as an opportunity to get some fucking get back, to get some revenge, i'm not saying that necessarily has. happen, but I am saying that that is the assumed, like visceral, subconscious belief that powers everyone in any position of authority in the United States, and it's because they can't bear to imagine reconciliation on any terms and that's what drives them forward towards annilation, so I don't think any either country is built to uh say no to that temptation, but we'll see, we'll see. can't can't know for sure, so we got this guy uh, this guy is the wild weesel, i played the wild weezle for many a year, i spent all my money and whiskey and mcdonald, douglas uh phantom f/11 airplanes, an evolution of the f4 phantom to the f4G is responsible for suppressing enemy radar sites, get out of here radar. It does this by detecting and analyzing hostel radar signals. When a target is acquired a high-speed anti-radiation missile harm is launched to destroy the enemy site. Once the f4G is destroyed. air radars other aircraft fulfill their objectives. you know, harm is a pretty uh, it's too bad ass a name for a missile that's just supposed to blow up radar dishes, like that's basically a missile that knocks over mail boxes and it's called harm, that's fucking metal, that should be something that like fragments into like living nano particles that dig into the flesh of anyone who's near the explosion and it like gets into their bloodstream and their blood into cock, that's a harm missile, by the way, we probably have those things, uh, manufacturer mcdonald douglas speed mock 1.2 max, range 262 miles, combat armament 20 millimeter cannon, harm, sparrow, strike or sidewinder, missile and bombs. missile what bombs missils and door bombs crew of two survival that is a military skill, i would argue it's the most basic of military skills, if you don't have this one covered, if you don't have a good handle on survival uh you might want to consider another line of work, many situations in combat leave soldiers, seamen or pilots cut off for the main group with no supplies. surviving train, survival training and equipment will help them get keep going until help arrives, or they can return to friendly territory or their own. on their own. the most important aspect is survival, according to instructions in this US military survival kit is, keep your head. native tribes live for generations in the open air, taking their living for nature. you can do the same. we'll see. how many of these guys have ever done that? best of luck and... remember that courage alone has won many a battle, i don't think that's the case. okay, we got another one of these fat social democracies that's just getting rich and indolent off of a global killing murder machine, it's a tick on the back of the uh of the rampaging rotweiler of the world system, Norway uh, For more than two centuries, early Norwegians or Vikings ruled the North Atlantic, controlling islands near Scotland, Greenland and Iceland as well as Norway, occupying the Northwestern part of Europe, Norway stretches across the northern boundary of Scandinavia, bordering the USSR, it's a charter member of the UN, supply the naval unit, congratulations 125,181 square miles, population of 4.2 million, language, Norwegian, predominant religion, evangelical Lutheranism. Capital Oslo, government type constitutional monarchy, the head of government, prime minister John Sadersis, s y s s sis. I got to get bifocals, my eyes are going. RP to me. I honestly don't know, I might have had this card before, but I think it was Denmark, very similar, except they got oil. Intelligence file, chronology of.... events, ooh, very important, very important that you have the events chronologically arranged, if you want to understand what came first, on July 18th, 1990, Iraqi president Saddam Hussein accused to Kuwait of stealing $2.4 billion worth of oil from an iraqi field, talks over oil prices and a disputed border broke down on August 1st, before dawn on August 2nd, Iraq invated Kuwait and soon threatened Saudi Arabia, unprecedented world cooperation, spearheaded by the United States. led to sanctions and finally war on January 16th, 1991, so there we go, somebody says events tend to do tend to happen one after another, I notice, yes, you notice, we all notice, we all perceive them as happening one after the other, but in fact all events happen simultaneously, we just are not in a position to perceive them that way. We got general, we got a leader here, we got a leader, we got a real leader, we got a streetwise Hercules who's gonna lead us to victory uh, it doesn't at all look like a human fucking skeleton, general Alfred M Grey, look at this guy, very well named man, that is the grayest looking dude I've ever seen, he is a terrifying gray man, and I don't really like it, he looks like a... I'm looking at him with the they live glasses right now, not a fan of this guy, looks creepy, back, the back picture is like closer, unnerving, don't like it, don't like his face, don't like him looking at. General Alfred M Grey, commander United States Marine Core, enlisting as the U.S. Marine Core in 1950, gray served overseas with FMF, Pacific, attaining the rank of sergeant before being commissioned second Liwtent in April 1952. As a major he joined the 12th marines and served in Vietnam. He advanced to brigadier general in March 1976, and was promoted to major general in February 1980 and lieutenant general on August 29th 19. 84 Gray was promoted general and became commander of the marine core on July 1st 1987 wow went up from the enlisted man didn't go to officer school interesting very rare they got to keep that uh winetrack bear track uh working class professional class boundary somehow and the uh getting a commission which is just a modernized version of the feudal thing of getting uh authorization from the king to raise forces on your behalf and on his behalf born rawway new jersey night usa baby jersey boy birthday June 22nd 1928 so this guy is probably dead too right probably yeah got I'm gonna put it down there anyone want to confirm that I'm betdy's dead uh he went to the Norwich University Northfield Vermont USA and Lafayet College and eastern in East I guess he got a degree eventually uh graduate of command and staff college army war challenge, army war challenge? okay, anyway, he fucking creep me out, and we got another country, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras. The good old Republic of Honduras. In 1502, Columbus discovered Honduras on his last voyage to the new world. In the first part of the century, US Marines intervened on two occasions: the civil war in Nicaragua, 1981 to 1990, spilled over into Honduras when the contra rebels used Honduras as a training training area. The US also used Honduras is a site for military exercises. What a coincidence? What a coincidence those two things were? Honduras supplied economic assistance to operation desert storm economic assistance, it's fucking Honduras, it's one of the these countries that where we denied any ability to democratically uh allocate capital and created this potemkin state and drained their life blood by turning it into a site of essentially feudalism, if not slavery, and then they have to fucking pay us to blow up a country in the Middle East to maintain their oil dominance, goddamn. Brutal, geographic area, 43,277 square miles, population 5.1 million, language Spanish, predominant religion, Roman Catholicism, capital teguchigopa, government type republic, head of government, president Rafael Leonardos. and here we go, we got a M113 armored personnel carrier, yeah baby, we love to carry personnel in an armored fashion, we're just going to be driving these around the streets of the United States in the next five years uh, and half of them are going to be fucking electric, like they put out more carbon uh to make and maintain than a fleet of uh Gremlands. a fleet of AMC Gremlands, but you know what, the're uh, you plug them in so you're a good person, more uh, more than 50 nations employ variations of the M113, for their armed forces, this light, less than 11 tons, aluminum armored vehicle is powered by a diesel engine, the M113 can carry 12 combat equipped troops or up to two tons of equipment, it can cross inland waterways traveling at 3.6 mes per hour using its tracks for propulsion. manufacturer fmc corp speed 40 mph max range 300 miles armament one 12.7 millimeter machine gun and a crew of uh two with 11 troops every town yeah every cop every police office in america has one of those now uh the military skill range, i assume this is uh practicing your gun, if it is, there's no gun, it's just an empty field, it's an empty football field. is that the cowboys? this is a cowboy stadium. this is very abstract. i don't know what this could possibly mean. range. estimating the range. oh okay, and they're using that as a way to to read range. estimating the range or distance of objects is one of the most difficult and indispensable skills for a soldier to learn. us soldiers often estimate the number of American football field lengths. there we go, we got to be about football baby. to judge distance. objects seem closer if they are brightly colored, the weather is clear, the sun is in front of the objects or they are seen from the sea. their range appears farther if they are dark, there's fog, rain or haze, the sun is behind the objects or there is camouflage, it's tough folks, if you need to assassinate anyone while they're playing football, in Dallas, it's difficult to get the range. we've got reconnaissance, this is another thing that you got to have for intelligence, it's it's just a fucking, it's one of those uh, is that even, i think that's the awax, or it might not even be, I don't, no, I don't think it is, I don't see the dish. A french word, reconnaissance refers to actions that provide timely, accurate information about the enemy and the terrain controlled by the enemy. This information is vital to making tactical decisions. Reconiissance is often shortened to recon. Many military planes, satellites, ships and other vehicles are designed for this important purpose. It's right, that's right. It's very important what you do, don't feel like you're a loser just because you're running around looking for things and not actually fucking any shit up. All right, uh, wow, we've got a real, we've got a goat on our hands here, it's goat, it's we're talking goat time, in terms of survivors in the insanely cut-throat realm of uh, of middle eastern politics, we got hifaz Assad, the guy who kept it, who held it the whole time. and who has his kid, even though his chosen air got wiped out, his opthalologist kid, his opptomologist second son gets thrusd into the spotlight and he holds on to it. uh, I'm not the first person to say this ever, but uh, Jeremy Strong should absolutely play uh Bashar Assad in a film, and you could even on, you could honestly argue that he is basically playing a... on succession right now, i mean looks identical, has the same vibe, but his dad, the dad, the the the logan of the hassad clan, the president of Syriad was an active participant in anti-French demonstrations during world war ii, after Syria became independent from France in 1946, he continued to be politically active and joined the Arab bath socialist party around 1943, nominated defense minister in february 23rd 1933 he retained his position as commander of the air force. Hafez Alsad was elected president of the Syrian Arab Republic by a public referendum on March 12th 1971. That's so nice of them and he got that treatment because he signed on to the war. Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're you're basically the same guy as Saddam Hussain, but you're coloring within the lines. Even though there's kind of good evidence that he's the one actually did the Lockerby bombing. He knew how to make himself. uh pliant enough to powers that be uh to avoid Saddam's treatment and so he gets to be he gets to have a public referendum born uh Kirdaha Syria birth date March 1930 education elementary in Kerdara Syria secondary school in Lataka Syria. air force college Syria, that's the guy, good old hyphes, he held on, and he he passed it on, and none of that is good, good for him, but yeah, better than the alternative you could be arguing, and that's the real tragedy, and and the fact that the fact is, the fact it has to be remembered is that... these context is being set at every level by the United States, like everybody else is having to make decisions in a greater context of American hegemony and that constant poll to break open your your country's economy like a fucking coconut and feasting on the meat and hollowing you out and preventing any uh any capital to stay in the country, the air profit rather. minimal profit, like that is the directive of uh international American led finance as it encountered the rest of the world and the post-war era, and the directive was the same everywhere. minimize the amount of profit that stays here, maximize the amount that comes to the United States, and the only thing that prevents that is the resistance of the institutions of that state, and where they could resist they did, and they held on, and where they could not, they didn't, and they were hollowed out, so everybody is operating in that context, and so everybody who we consider a monster of this era is acting out of... a a necessity to hold power uh, in a situation where the fucking uh the space balls are sucking the oxygen out of your country, they've got the giant spaceship with the vacuum cleaner, how are you supposed to behave? france uh, somebody's talking about France's relationship to their colonies in Africa, that's a wild situation because the French really did uh, they are the ones who were the most reluctant, and I think it's because they were the fartest of the three main uh, I guess no, I'm sorry, the US like did not have a formal uh empire by that point, other, you know, uh, comparable to the European powers, but by the end of World War II, the top two were England and France, England was closer to us. France was closer to the outside, it had also been invaded and occupied by uh Germany and had basically been racked by civil war and fascism, the Dutch too, yeah, the the French kicked and screen the hardest, I mean, how many times did degal almost get killed? The British were uh relatively uh happy to let go, compared. the frogs and part of that the legacy of that is that they weren't content to just say, all right, fine, you're independent now, good luck with that, oh what's that, you need money, oops, they wanted more significant guarantee, so there's a french back currency in the former that that they are obligated to use, so that means that their their monetary policy is held in Paris directly, not through. institutions like this for other countries, which is all part and parcel of France attempt to carve out a zone of autonomy within the greater NATO power structure, because they're always too big for their britches, they're always the biggest boy on the block, the actual block of Europe, most population and most robust ag before Germany United, of course. Oh yes, the Portuguese, yeah, they really wouldn't let it go, under under the old stato Novo, so much so that the army itself had to say fuck this and carry out a left-wing cou, carnation revolution, we talked about that. before, i mean i don't think france has really been like out of, i don't think france has not been militarily involved in Africa for at any point, i don't think it ever stopped intervening in militarily in Africa, those forces have been active that whole time for on some way or another fighting somebody, coffee, what have you? and now it's really the british who are the most uh most planently anguished by the loss of their empire because it's finally sunk in what decline looks like, they don't like it. Tell me quick. I haven't read the end of the world, it's just the beginning by Peter Zehan, but it sounds intriguing, I just googled it, oh baby. somebody asked if there's uh any chance of electoral reform in the United States? we're actually the only thing I can think of that might ever happen in the near future and we're kind of close, we're not a few states away from it, is enough states passing the national popular vote compact, they're pretty close, Minnesota just uh joined, you flip a couple of houses, you could do it in like the next couple of election cycles, for those don't know what that is, it is a piece of legislation that that states can pass through their legislatures and then have the governor sign it that says, if states that add up to a majority of electoral votes all sign this legislation also, then our state will... instruct uh the leg the state government will like instruct its electors to vote for whoever won the national popular vote irregardless irregardless of the vote in the particular state, although honestly if they tried that i don't know what would happen, i mean talk about uh waving a flag at the bull, but that's one that I can actually see something happening, but you abolish the senate, anything that would you require a constitutional amendment is literally inconceivable in the current conditions, the sort of unanimity, the sort of bipartisan consensus that you need on major issues to pass a constitutional amendment is uh unthinkable. I mean it's very fitting that the last one that passed was about uh Congress can't raise their salary until they have an election coming up or some bullshit like oh they're making too much money in Congress yeah that's where the corruption comes they're paychecks and that's a of course Congress all those little demons in the political system are happy to pass that oh these rubes think our salary is what matters. Yes sir, we're not going to raise those, meanwhile, they're uh eating uh endangered animal meat at the cafe at the child zoo of their billionaire benefactors. I mean people say like they actually need to pay uh Congress people more, but I think the real solution is good old sortion, but that's in a context where class conflict has been removed and you're administrating. rather than sublimating class conflict into ritual, which is what we do in this country. sortion, it means having uh people uh selected by lot. Yeah, congressional jury duty, but you know, this is a perfect example of why, no reform will ever really be a magic bullet, and it's not really something to focus too much on when you're this behind the apell as we are, is that you can imagine a bunch of reforms making uh, voting you know, a better better able to reflect like what people's opinions are and their will, but what that will... is is already shaped fully by class forces, which means that the actual navigatable band of. choice is already radically restricted, so changing the makeup of the electorate can have only a limited effect on that, and like if you just took a system we have now and replaced the congress we have with sortion, you're your congress person for two two years and that's it, then the existing structures that reproduce power would just adapt to that, buse you got a bunch. just regular people showing up in Washington with no idea what the fuck's going on, who's going to tell them what's happening other than creatures of the system? yeah, now I think that uh, that we are really going to see the the states live up to their reputation as the uh, as brandizes laboratories of democracy, but it's going to be much more about like meth labs of democracy, and that's me. some states are going to get some pretty terrifying legislation and but some other ones are going to see new possibilities open and as as always the whole in the center is just going to keep bigger get bigger and bigger. Yeah, now I don't even think we'll get the divorce, we'll stay together for the kids, I e the US dollar, and the uh us military, and 5,00 nuclear missiles, and uh, the NATO and all that, you know, just uh, the idea that there's like a bill of rights that that means. the same thing in every state will just not exist anymore, there will be bespoke bills of rights, there will be bespoke understandings of public uh, public legality, but the experience of living in all of them will largely be determined by your class, voting will be done by people moving and the... forest everywhere will suffer pretty similar levels of debasement. somebody said uh that it's hilarious to think the default is going to happen, and i do understand that yes every everything in the system says no, don't do that, that like nobody in it actually wants. except for probably a few dullards in the house, but the technicians at Chernobyl didn't want to blow up the plant, that wasn't what they were doing those tests for, not great, not terrible, it happened because there was a chain of fuckups that nobody was aware of that had undermined the system uh stability. to a level that no one had recognized until it exploded. buse like they'll probably get a bill together, but even that they're pushing it. if they get a bill together, it cannot be one with just republican votes and there. of democrats who feel like they can't sign off on what the republicans are going to get out of these negotiations and of course you could say oh they're going to give in, of course they're going to give in, that's what they're, you could, you can say it's because the're sellouts, but it's really because they feel responsible and they don't want to be responsible, which is not what you have in the republican caucus, they don't care, not all of them, but sufficient of them to make it so the actual will of every person of influence and power throughout the entire. deliberative process is unable to push it across the goal line. now at that point, do the democrats break the glass that they put around themselves, mine style. maybe that level of exgency would make them do it, maybe something that they could do, they wouldn't do anyway, just because of a internal taboo, which are real, they are as real as anything else, who knows? i don't know. I've given up predicting, I think they'll probably make a bad deal, freeze on spending, some cuts on something, but it's going to be close and it's going to involve probably multiple votes as they try to wrangle. this carcus that like cannot be wrangled, they got a veto, they got a one vote veto on this motherfucker, one person can say, i don't like how you're doing this, and then they have another fucking vote for speaker, but like people talk about if they do the coin thing, that is one of those options that might be real in an abstract sense. but is not real to the people that matter, they don't perceive it the same way you do, their life experience, the experience that put them in that room and you on the internet make makes to them that possibility, an impossibility, not not something that they could do, but are choosing not to do, but something that they are internally prevented from doing. through a lifetime of reinforcing experience, oh man, sequestration, that was fun, we're probably going to get some version of that again, that's what happened the last time this occurred under a bungler, and it's when you consider how many people are now have fucked the dog this bad on this negotiation who were there for the fucking o bungler negotiations when the party was even was like when the republicans were less deranged than they are now, they made a deal where it was just a broad across the board cut of spending, including some defense spending, which was kind of amazing, uh, and then uh, it was like a deadman switch, like if they did not come to a deal then it would get cut automatically, and they cut it for a while, but then it just went away as soon as Bush got in or as soon as Trump got in there. just went away, they just like forgot it. if you like social spending, you kind of have to root for republicans, don't you? because you can say, oh, they cut it, well, everybody cuts it, you know, everybody cuts programs, clinton ended welfare as we know it, but there's much less pressure to actually cut in the forget what they put in the budget, what they actually comes out of the out of the... when you don't have democrats in power. I can see a sequestration maybe that did not touch the military this time, so less of a compromise. They're going to have a hell of a time getting those rubes though to vote for it. I don't know, maybe they don't need him that many. The disp charge position petition thing never went anywhere. And I guess it's because even those you you. think oh those moderate like you know uh tri-state democrat republicans who won Biden uh who won biden districts in 2022 they don't want to have the debt ceiling go kablue true but they also have to get renominated by a republican party that has wrapped itself around these absolutest uh positions and they don't want to be a name on a discharge position that's with a every other democrat, at least I assume that's what happened, maybe maybe it didn't even get that far, knows, whatever happens, will you can be sure that it will be really fucking stupid, that's the one guarantee we have. We might invade Mexico, we'll see, certainly it's it's on the escalological bingo card, that's for sure. somebody asked about that uh that drug cartels don't exist book which I haven't read yet I've heard is very good I'm intrigued by the prince by the by the uh concept because I always like that sort of reframing thing although I always I'd always assumed that like the plaza system for a while was real anyway like you had that you had you know divided territories but I could definitely see an argument that it broke. down just into relative anarchy in the last 20 years. Amlo is uh fighting for his life right now, indeed, amlo, take my energy, so far from God, so close to the United States, thing. now we're in a state thanks to the world getting flatter where pretty much every country on earth can say that. someone really wants to know what i think the biggest catalyst for the us for the working class losing the class war and do i think it's possible to recreate class consciousness, i've talked about that a lot, i think about it a lot, like where is the tipping point, where's the hinge point, LOL, and you know, it's somewhere in that uh, early 20th century configration between the uh, beginning of world war 1 and the end of World War II, and I mean you might say, oh, you know, it was even doomed then, and you might be right, but you know, those questions can only be. settled through open force, open contests of force, which is what we finally got on the global scale from 1914 to 1945. as to whether we can recreate it, i don't think what we understand as class consciousness can really be recreated, but that does not mean that the human collaborative holy spirit cannot reconsecrate a relationship to theself and others that binds and and and points towards uh cooperation, solidarity, uh, survival and eventual victory. I just don't know what it'll look like. I do think it's being built under our feet right now though. The Spider-Man Wopper. Ooh, I like that transition. What makes it spider-man? is it food coloring or something? oh, a terrifying red bun. yeah, i don't like that. not a huge burger king fan in general. i will, i do tip the cap that they have, they're the only fast food place that goes with the grill, flame grill kf. and then they put in that flavor to make you feel like hey this is like a this is like a cookout burger you know cookout does that too shout out but nationally i mean but not that good not that great always a little chewy. Yeah, the impossible burger is not bad. I think honest, I think that we might never get a uh plant-based McDonald's burger because they didn't have to adapt first, because they're the market leader and because changing that direction of a ship that big is an incredible immense undertaking, so guys like Carlos Jr. and uh, and what burger king got in there and and i think they've all kind of lost money on it, i don't think it's been terribly successful, i think that's because the sort of virtue that you are selling when you're selling a non-meat fast food doesn't translate to a person who is in the mode of consuming fast food, because there's two reasons to go plant based right, there's uh ethics and health and the... experience really militates against anybody who is overly concerned with either of those things like we hit. the number of people who were like, i really want to eat a burger, but i i don't want it to be a dead animal, and also uh, i don't want it to be fucking walnuts or whatever the hell, there's a cap on that, most people are like, i don't give a fuck, i'm i'm a fucking taco bell, i want, i'm at burger king, i honestly kind of think the burger king, or it's interesting, del taco. here in California, they have the plant-based everything, they got plant plant-based tacos, plant-based burritos, none of that for taco bell, and some people say it's because they're already plant-based, like there's no meat in that fucking uh beef, and you know what, I honestly wouldn't be able to tell the difference because it's just such a deep uh, preustian resonence, the entire taco bell experience, and so by the... McDonald's is like gearing up to do it, they look around at the market and they're like, oh, there's no percentage in this, let's just put burgers on the grill now, that's their move, that's their innovation they're doing now, we're going to put burger, grill, we're going to put grilled onions on there so that it has tastes more flavory, get more flavor on there. there's one plant-based thing that i i definitely consume a lot of and it's the plant-based ground beef uh and it is honestly because i have found that uh it is better that it makes a bolinse that is obviously it's not going to be as rich and as satisfying as a uh as a meat-based billionays but it's going to be less heavy and it's easier you don't have to worry about like separating the fat and stuff. like it's easier to make a bullion as, and for like uh ground beef tacos, the that plant-based meat like absorbs the taco kit, it absorbs that taco seasoning better even than beef does, so i like those things because you know it's not much better for me and it's honestly not really that much more uh ethically superior, you know where they get the palm oil for the fucking bruyon. burgers, they're going up, they're going up to blessed uh, bodysatfa, arangatangs and putting the Anton Shugur captured bolt gun to their foreheads so you can have fucking beyond burgers, and it's certainly not any better for anybody, you know, so but it actually like is more enjoyable for those particular meals for me, so and that's where most people are with food, the... moral imagination required to uh really deny ourselves the sensuous pleasures that we have been reduced to, uh, that's uh, it's a tall order, you know, it's it's a lot to ask, and nothing at the same time, you know, uh, it's the belief that there's something more and something greater that compels you to push beyond those things and that only comes from experience which you either have or you don't, you know. everybody get should, everybody needs to both at the same time give themselves a break and uh push themselves much harder, i know i have to do both of those things, but i think they do go together, buse one of the things that prevents us from pushing forward and and asking anything of ourselves is the sense oh that we can't be forgiven. so what's the point? but if if there's nothing that's unforgivable in the grandest scheme and i think that's true uh then there's no reason not to try to do what you know is right, it's there, it's buried, it's muddy, it's it's occluded, but it's there. Oh man, so many microplastics, we got so much microplastics. we went straight from lead to plastic, it's amazing, as soon as we got the lead out, we added plastic. Yeah, the gen exers have gotten both, wow, they got the tail end of the of the of the uh, they got the tail end of the um lead, and then they got the front end of the plastic, and then they've been just getting the plastic ever since. Damn, yeah, I think uh, the Genx meltdown is going to be even more interesting than the than the boomer meltdown has been, because at this point the boomers are actually pretty old now, and even though they're mostly like actually insane, they're also actually decrepit, but the boomers are like their their wick is is hitting the end and they are still relatively spry, oh I love you too, thank you fluid show. Yeah, I think of the human body as a as a, I guess Battlefield is too judgemental as a zone of interaction, how about we put it that way, between different transcendent uh uh threads, things that go... uh extend beyond like the limited individual consciousnesses of the people that they infiltrate. you got of course the great uh the great microbes, yeast and uh argot, you know, you've got the different types of fungy that activate the dionician and apologian uh habits of mind and culture around wheat or mushrooms. and they're in there battling it out, moving around malonging, you've got of course the the new excrusion of uh of of plastic, lead, well they're all in there, and we are just being pushed around by them, as they interact and wind around one another, and our and our history that we make is our largely unconscious propulsion through the system of interactions. Who up bioaccumulating plastics? I think the... Safe answer is all of us, we're all doing that. All right, catch on the flap doodle.