 blew out the chicken man in philly last night that blew up his house too down on the board walk they're looking for a fight let's see what the rocket boys can do trouble bussing in from out of stay and the da can't get no relief be a rumble on the promenade gambling commission is hanging on by the skin may everything that does come day come back with your b your hair are pretty meet me tonight in it. I got a job, put some money away, but I got the kind of debts, no honest man can pay, so I drew out all I have from the central trust, I bought us two tickets, it buss. everything dies baby, that's a fat, maybe everything dies, someday comes back, but your makeup bomb your hair are pretty, meet me tonight in Atlantic city, everybody's giving me business about my background, what would you want right behind me here? I'm afraid I'm not a tenterior decorator. What kind of art? What would you like to see behind me? I'm going to do a little uh poll here. I don't know, there's something about the blankness of it I kind of like, like we're talking here, right? We're like, we're we're we're spinning things out of nothingness, concepts and ideas. We're bouncing them around. It's it's a it's a fragile moment in time, and that background is sort of the... the palette, you know, if there's something there, it seems like it's too overdetermined, you know, like it, it shapes subconsciously for the person watching it, what they're going to be responding to, and I don't know if I like that, I kind of like the idea that's just empty. I mean, I got to say the options I'm seeing here in the the list there a little try, soviet, soviet flag, really, really, have you not gotten anything out of these talking about the pointlessness of? shizing uh irrelevant social formations, funko pops, you know what i should do, i should nail a bunch of dvd covers for kids movies like from the uh Elizabeth Warren uh uh barber shop if anyone remembers that one of the funniest bits of uh fake uh campaign shenanigans ever uh, if anyone doesn't remember this, during the uh, during the 2020 campaign, there was a uh, there uh was an attempt to create a Elizabeth Warren barber shop where they showed a bunch of uh black dudes hanging around in a what was clearly a recently rented office space and to make it appear more authentic they hung a bunch of DVD dvd covers like Petert, the the fucking CGI movie, uh, maybe the crudes, honestly, if it was going to be anything, it would be, some cosmic shit, like a weed alien, you know, or yeah, like a friends fazetta thing. something kind of cosmic, nothing too not grounded or political buse, that's not really the vibe we're trying to curate here. all right, so I'm settling on a book to do starting next, next wednesday, the wednesday after that uh for a book club about the German revolution, and I think I'm going to go with at least the beginning of uh... I just got to make sure it's available buse, okay, that's kindlable, that's easy, you can rent it, they have, you can rent kindles, wow, weird. uh, I don't, maybe that's too long, maybe we'll do like the first quarter of it or something, uh, the Yymar Republic by Eberhard Colbe, we're going to start reading that, and uh, we'll like we did with reconstruction will go through another pivotal turning point that didn't turn to explain how we got where we are, because I really do feel that we can only understand our moment if we understand it as one of capital trimp of the defeat of of socialism as a challenge to capitalism, now that doesn't mean that we're doomed, it doesn't mean we have nothing to do, it just means that are uh the the concepts that we have inherited from the left tradition need to be reexamed. in a way that we really aren't doing, instead what we tend to do is fetishize uh, what in retrospect are are a lot of movements that were always circumscribed by the failure uh to achieve the kind of critical mass necessary to challenge capitalism, but that'll be fun, we'll talk about uh, we'll talk. about the SDP, because uh, it is amazing to think that in the country where socialism was always supposed to emerge and meaning the place where the cult, the balance, the cultural, national, and economic balance of capitalism sustained exactly the sort of uh if it's interesting enough we might read the whole thing, we'll see, but uh, because the ymart the entire. our republic is of course a fascinating period and and and uh i i mean I don't I don't really think it's terribly uh relevant to the current moment as we've discussed many times, but I think it is relevant to why we're at the moment we are, meaning we have the ingredients for a socialist response to the crisis of capitalism that emerged in Europe in the early 20th century. that failed, it failed, and and say since the fall of the Soviet Union, we have been living in a in the uh, in the world of capital of of capitalism triumphant, and that means looking at how we got here, and it means looking at, as I've become more and more fixated on recently, and and crisis is emerging uh and a continual uh conflicts within and between systems and societies in america in the world, but they're all totalized within capitalism, like we there there is no more uh conflict between uh social orders, there's no more conflict between something other than capitalism, whatever it might be uh communism or or precapitalist social orders that resisted capitalism being imposed on it, those are all those have all been defeated. but capitalism, as Marx knew, uh, unchecked, will still at some point reach a a point of critical and unresolvable crisis, because of the contradictions contained within it, whether or not socialism, as it was understood uh in the 19th and 20th century can challenge it, it's has a crisis within itself that has to be has to be confronted, i mean it's it's all of our duties as as human beings to confront the crisis that we see around us and that make up our own lives, and the thing about that cold war with China is, I'm sorry, China is not an alternative to capitalism you. it might be an alternative, it might be an alternative state structure, and i would i would agree that it has that that Chinese capitalism is a uh more socialized, i guess or coordinated, restrained, whatever you want to call it version of capitalism, but its essential engine is the same, and the process, you could really say that like what distinguishes it from are like capitalism, the conflict between China and and Anglo-america really is a snake, it's the snake eating its own tail, it's the most advanced end of capitalism, smackdab running into the the tail end, the most recent uh uh uh formation of capitalism uh on literally the other side of the world from where it was uh originally conceived. and so I really do think you either get you either get apocalyptic confrontation if and that's that would be determined more by resources than anything more by external and exogenous crises created by things like uh global warming and you know uh conflict over real like real conflict over resources uh or it'll be some sort of merger, it will be some sort of leveraged buyout, because within those systems, there is nothing within any of them that is not capitalism, but the thing that we can really take as soless, first is that we're all going to die, everybody's going to die, so all the really horrible stuff you're worried about, happening, the real monstrosities, you're not going to see him, you're going to die before that, and even the people who have to live in those horrible worlds, they're going to die too, and that's not the worst thing in the world, we've made it the worst thing in the world, but it really isn't, and the world will continue, the worlds will continue, the the the eternal universe. the the the self-conscious mind that is the universe will still persist and and on the land and on land somewhere there will be some conscious beings who are able to bring together and synthesize uh the strands of history to to to transcend what seems to be the intractable horror of history. Why would you rather your species lives on? you why be speciast? like we are we have like humans obviously we talk about like species being and all that, but like that really is only one level of a process, like coming into awareness of of humanity as like a collective organism is really just one stage because that distinction between human and non-human is also as arbitrary as the distinction between an individual person and humanity and i mean when i really get when i really get chumed up i think about the fact that you know time moves. both backwards and forwards, and the very fact that we're all here, that there is a thing that we're experiencing means that somewhere, some place, at some time in some part of the universe, some collective con contact happened, so what's happening with Aaron Rogers? I've stopped caring about football for a long time, I really just was rooting for Aaron Rogers to get another super bowl because I think he's... really good quarterback, it's really funny, i i actually used to be as a highschooler, i was super super super into football, uh, it was an unhealthy thing, you know, i was, i was loser, i was, i was relatively friendless, but i lived in wisconsin, and football was a was a ritual of of catharsis that i could engage in, and uh, i when i was a kid i saw the super bowl where the i saw the packers win a super bowl and that was i thought oh my god i'll never get happier than this but then the next year uh w when they went back to play the broncos i watched that super bowl i watched this the super bowl they won uh against the patriots in a uh I saw that in a basement with the friends I did have, had a great time, was very excited, uh, thought it was amazing, next year I was in a hospital bed uh with my folks watching it on a TV because I had to have surgery on my spine the next day and I watched them lose and I just couldn't care, it was like it it it just I could not invest the any kind of emotional. energy into it, and I think that experience kind of broke me when it came to football, later on I didn't end up having a weird fixation on the brewers when they were good, but uh, but I could never really get back into the packers and when they won the super bowl against the Steelers, it was just like, hey, cool, I didn't really care that much, but I do, honestly more than anything I would like Aaron Rogers to get uh what, get his real wish and become jepardy host. you should just get rid of football, i only watch soccer at the world cup, single, the elimination format, the nationalism, that's the good stuff. so somebody says you should host shepardy uh i i mean they won't even they wouldn't even call me to be on i have i have auditioned for jepardy three times and i made it to the audition round where like they talk to you and you do the fake game and like you give them your photograph and they give you your phone number and everything three times and i never got a call. i have been pre covid i was a big bar trivia guys you can. has it, i would never call. a pub quiz because I'm not pretending to be English, nothing lower than an American who uses British slang, just no, thank you, somebody's mom is mad at me for some reason, I don't know what I did, I'm sorry, sorry mom, wherever his mom it is. somebody asked the trip my our bar trivia name when i lived in milwake we had a team that won dominated every every every time we played at this one bar and we were called the hezbolas, i thought that was pretty good. my opinion on cajens, how why would i have an opinion on a an ethnic or or? group, that's like isn't that like 19th century shit, like what is your like, oh yes, there they are choleric people, the the their tropic blood, they seem like they have a good time, i'll say that with the zidako music and the and the gumbo seems to be at a good time, you get you go down there, you get that, you get that good gumbo, oh yeah, you go down there, that's good, you get that rule. you put you got store that rule going. i will say that New Orleans is is yeah, one of the only American cities with its own character. i mean it is astounding when you if you live in America and you visit our our cities how similar they are, they really do have at this point a template, like they really did just start spamming like Williamsburg at most mid-sized American cities. New Or is, it's its own thing, I do love that uh, that Louisiana, apparently their like civic code is based on the the code napoleon and not common law, that rules. Seattle's, I mean seattle's fine, the thing is a lot of American cities have gorgeous surroundings, like they have they have beautiful natural environments and some of them have interesting architecture, but for the most part they're like the stuff in them is is very like it's from a box and I'd say like at this point seattle definitely is like that, you know, because the tech money, tech like tech money is colonizing urban areas, because it's the only money there is, thank you, and of course that money just exists to do things like uh, like dominate urban spaces, it's not actually productive, which is the like i said in the last stream, the real the real sign that you know as as totalizing in the as the system appears, something on the horizon either horrifying or liberatory or most likely a combination of both is on the horizon, because there is nowhere to put, there's nowhere to get profit, there's nowhere to get profit in the system, which was what Marx predicted would happen, but what we don't have is a working class mobilized to take the productive forces created by capitalism and socialize their products. you know it's a good history uh speaking of New Orleans though, you now it's a good uh alternate history idea is after Napoleon was uh defeated, he was offered asylum in uh New Orleans and he said he decided to say he decided to not. do it, and I always wonder like, what if Napoleon comes to the US, like how much of a headache would that have been for the American government and what would he have done? but you know he he had his fucking chance, he had his chance, he could have allied with Tusant and he fucked it up, he fucked up. Yeah uh, what if Napoleon moves to the United States? another good one, what if Marx moves to the United States? because Marx and Engels wanted to go to Texas after the 48 revolution, and it's not even like Marx decided not to go, he needed uh, buse he was an exile from Prussian authorities, and they'... denied his uh submission for a passport so he couldn't go. the hor the thing that... i like that seems like it might be cool, but like i imagine him getting fucking hung by the confederates like a bunch of the other uh german uh unionists uh at the beginning of the war, the nuenceus massacre for example, is this making a bunch of noise? are people having like? are people having issues because this is going by the by this the thing? nobody the guy didn't tell me why his mom's mad at you mean by the way i want to know if you're still in here please tell me why your mother is mad at me. I can't believe Andrew Yang is going to be the next mayor of New York, that's so perfect, it really, it does show that we have reached just total critical exhaustion with. politics, and there's a civil war shooter, wait a minute, so like first person, like you got a musket and then you got to reload it, and then you shoot it again, like call of duty, that seems like the single worst way, to do civil war combat in a video game, so you're just like an a private or are you like are you organizing at like what at like the the the company level or the regimental level? what is it? because i think a game a game from like the the civil war game from the position of like captain or the colnel of a regiment I think could be interesting because it seems like that is like the level of of size of of unit for that war that would be the most interesting to deal with, like if it's too big then you know you might as well be playing uh uh you know any other of those big strategy games but too small and it's like what the fuck are you even doing? I always buse I I I've tried to play those civil war games where you're like clicking on the units and moving them and it feels a little cold. i feel like like like a regimentaler or company would be a better better unit to bet to fight from, but what i kidding, i'm not going to play any video games. I have never really found a video game style that I've really enjoyed, like I uh, shooters to me are either uh, too chaotic or tedious uh, the like even the board game click things are, it's too much stuff, It's weird, I just it's not, it's like it's a it's at this point is a universal uh, pass time for people, but I just have never been able to find one that made me want to keep playing, yeah, I mean Twitter is my game, Twitter is the video game I play, although I got to say I'm on it much less, I know I told people to tell me to log off and I, I haven't completely. but I don't tweet nearly as much as I used to, I don't get the the endorphins anymore, I do scroll more than I wish I did, but part of that is just I do feel this weird, frankly, I mean, you know, it is a professional obligation to sort of swish through the the the the currents, although you know, it's also just it's at this point an ingrained uh an ingrained habit, but yeah, like I've even lost. like the gamification part of Twitter, I'm not even really even gamifying it anymore because I'm no longer doing the uh the engagement farming that I used to subconsciously. I don't know, someone's asking about pre-history, I wish I knew more. I'm gonna start listening to the Patrick Weiman series that he's doing on tides of history about pre-history. Do I think it's possible for Biden to be primaried? I mean it's possible and that someone could primary him obviously, but you mean he could be defeated for the nomination, obviously no, uh, could it be like a productive. of time I also kind of doubt. I think national politics is done for, and I know some people are mad at me for saying that because well, you guys cared so much about it, and it's like, yeah, we thought things were one way, and then as Marlo pointed out, uh, they're another way, and we've been having to deal with the reality of that, and that we all have to deal with that, we all have to deal with the world of we understand it, not conforming to. are understanding and an expectation of it, and I think what a lot of people who hold on to partisan politics who decide we're going to that we're going to like stake out the traitors who let us down this path path or we're going to uh own our enemies by uh rooting for the republicans instead are people who just can't give up. on the idea that there is something meaningful, that there is something uh, there is some agency to engaging in in electoral politics, and like retrospectively, I now realize that a lot of what we thought mattered didn't matter, but we had to learn, we had to learn, and I think that is one of the big. uh unexamined blind spots of a lot of radical leftists is that they uh demand the people accept their maximalist positions on the need for revolution on this uh strength of their argument for them, but arguments aren't what make people believe things, arguments are not what make people believe. things, experience is what makes people believe things and so somebody tells you, what are you bothering with electoral politics for, you should be picking up a gun? well, first of all, you're not picking up a gun, second of all, i might die, why would i want to do that, i could vote instead, they have, you have to experience it, you have to try and and fail and then reassess. The o manera flies a dusk indeed. the stuff with the pro-act and and the fact that you got mansion on board and Biden is supporting it, it's interesting, it's certainly more than Obama did with Carcheck in 2008, where he said during the campaign, I'll support it, and then they just let it die without really any kind of fine fair in the senate, and now they're saying, now you got Biden supporting Pro Act, I mean what is the difference there, the difference, one of the big differences is that Obama had 60 votes in the senate, and if he had made. uh card check a priority uh, it would have actually been something that might have passed, here with a 50/50 senate and uh and the nice diffusion of... responsibility between warner and uh christian Cinema and Mark Kelly, you can have a guy like Mansion who is taking heat for things like $15 minimum wage, come out in favor of the pro-act with no expectation that it will pass, like the real problem is is that there is no, there is no mechanism to compel these people to do anything. so they're only going to pass the pro-act if they find it in their interest to, and as currently constructed, there's no way that I see the democratic party imagining its interest to be the passage of the pro act, because at this point it is far more captured by business interests than it is by uh organized labor, which is of course, a shadow of its former self, and and yes, Act could change that, but it does, it it it hasn't changed it yet, there isn't the influence yet to to push it forward. I have at someone asked weirdly if I've eaten alligator, I had alligator at a state fair, the wisconsin state fair, I believe, it was, I have been to three state fairs, I believe, I've been to a number of Wisconsin state fairs, obviously, the Minnesota state fair and couple years ago uh the Iowa state fair, they're always uh delightful. and rituals and yeah, sometimes you can get exotic foods and i remember got some fried alligator, i don't even remember what it tasted like, state fairs are not free to enter, you got to pay, they're very expensive. This is interesting, how can we be confident something historically contingent will emerge that we can plug into? we can't be, we can't be confident of anything, we can't be confident of anything, that is one thing that I become more and more convinced of as time passes, is that confidence, which is something that absolutely. uh dominated my mind for years and and really hindered me in a lot of ways and and made me uh a frightened and uh and cowardly person is uh was this fixation on on feeling confident about something about feeling like something was real before i took a step uh and i realize now hopefully not, not too late because i'm still here, that that we we have we can only have confidence in in uh, we can't have confidence in anything abstract, confidence meaning like setting our course on its continuation, we can only have confidence in things that are concrete in our lives. And a lot of us, I know I often get dominated by by a neurotic fixation on uh, like the veracity of of institutions and concepts and and um and persistent states that is irrelevant to that are irrelevant to us uh. and leave us unequipped to deal with the world in front of us, because that that lack of that that anxiety about confidence, that the anxiety about about the certainty of the persistence of things, robs us of our uh, of our focus and our and our our ability to be present, so I would say, There is, I have no confidence that something will emerge that we can latch on to, but I do know, I know from my life, that uh, that. such contingency is possible that there is nothing else that I can wait for or rely on and that I have to operate day to day from the assumption that even if this thing won't materialize that I it is my duty to myself and to the world and to the people around me to be ready for it and then if it doesn't happen what if it doesn't happen well... What have you lost? The only thing you've lost is neurosis. Is Rolly Fingers best name for a picture, that's a good question, Rolly Fingers is a good pitcher's name, the brewers, those early 80s brewers had a bunch of good pitches names, Pete Vuokovic was another great pitcher's name, gooce gossage, very good. fish hunter uh vita blue oh my god that's such a good one mark fidrich sachel page not a huge fan of him but dennis Eckersley has like a musicality to it that's really cool lefty grove dizzy dean so this is the kind of... baseball uh fan i was like when i was a little kid i didn't know how to play baseball, i was very uncoordinated, i was on a soft, i was the second basement on a softball team that lost every game it played, but i had a i was hugely uh well read on uh baseball history and facts and shit, more to kai three finger brown, god Randy Johnson, Randy Johnson might be the best, he's not, he's not cuuse Pedro Martinez is the greatest pure pitcher of all time in my opinion, uh, but Randy Johnson is probably the best ellis, great name, probably the best left-handed pitcher of all time, and he's got one of the most like boring ass names ever. Nolan Ryan is honestly a great pitcher, or a great name. Craig Madx is fine, but come on, Randy fucking Johnson, get out of here. Bret Saberhagen, oral Hersheiser, Burt Blyleven, these are all fantastic, uh, Fernando Velenzuela, Bill, Spaceman Lee, Bill Lee isn't too good, but you throw spaceman in there, white Wilhelm knuckle bawler, Clayton Curshaw isn't really. like that cool of a name by itself, but it is nice because it makes him seem like a civil war general. oil can't boid, that's a good one. Ferguson Jenkins, yes, very good. Madison Bumgardener, excellent. Grover, Cleveland Alexander, Sandy Cofax, not bad. Some people are naming non-pitchers and this is annoying to me. Carlos Zambrano, pretty good. Old Hass Redborn, another great one, just literally naming baseball players here, but I don't know how you don't like b, I guess it's for nerds, baseball's for nerds at the end of the day because it's got the most history, it's got all the names, it's just you can like swirl it around like a snifter of brandy, but yes like as a thing to watch, of course it's boring, but that... the whole point is that you can watch it and be thinking about all this other stuff and the context makes it interesting adios, great one, ben sheets, ben sheets man, the brewers really, they never gave him a team worthy of his talent, he was a he should have won at least one sai young, but that was before people realized that wins weren't real, chief bender, that's a good one. Dice K NASA, that was a great one. "Jon smolt sound like someone taking a dump, cc sabatia, oh man, throwing me back to the to the 2010 brewers, that was a hell of a team, that was probably the last time i really cared about baseball was ... were those brewer teams or that was 2008 Joba Chamberlin, that's another good one. Bartolone also good. Louis Tiant, yes. Juan Marishall who famously uh went beast mode on a catcher when he was uh batting he he believed he thought that a catcher threw the ball back like nicked his ear and he just went insane and started hitting the fucking catcher with a bat wild. It's funny, the the the DH debate has like super hyper partisans on both sides and it's honestly, I can, I honestly can see both sides of that, because there is something elegant about the idea a nine person team, nine guys on the field, nine buys bat, but then there is something uh also, I mean like the fact that you've got a guy like Otani with the angels right, he couldn't play for the national league. and bat as much as he pitches the way that he can with the dh and like a guy a two-way player like him there should be a a mechanism to allow him to to do his thing and really the DH is the only thing that allows that to to happen. i kind of like the idea of the fact that there's one league with one and one with the other, i i always thought that was kind of neat, but what's ruined it is that they broke down the dividing line between. between the leagues and when i was a kid the fucking umpires had hats that said al or nl on them and they never played each other, now they're all smushed together and eventually you're going to have a total by definition everything has to get squished squished together into one thing, i mean if i had my way honestly people talk about like what to do with uh with uh you now pace to play and and and making it more interesting, i think the way they're going is they're going to shorten the games, they're going to shorten the season and they're going to extend the playoffs, they're going to make it like basketball, and you know that's inevitable, there's no point arguing about it, but if you're going to keep 162 games season, i really do think that with that many games played, you should have as little post-season is possible, you have played 162 games, you know the best teams are, so have the two best teams play, no no play, no playoffs at all, like the old pentant days, 162 games at the end of it, the best record of the American league and the best record of the national league, play a nine game world series, that would be my preference, but if they're going to make it like a fucking hundred game season or whatever and have half the teams in there fine, whatever. but you have to short, you have to short the season if you do that, because it's absurd. why are you playing 162 games? why are you playing that many games? because the whole point of that is to have the numbers like clear out the contingency and the randomness and show you the actual fucking skill, like like pan through the gold for the real shit and then okay, now have them play. having like three game season, three uh game playoff seasons after. 162 games to me is absurd buse how the you don't know anything out of that, it's it's totally random at that point, yeah baseball is too many games for me to follow like basketball, that is why if they're going to expand the playoffs they need to shorten the regular season, shorten the season, extend the playoffs or leave the season the way it is and get of the playoffs that those that those are the two options as I see them. Of course, I'm not totally on. biased here because in 2011, the brewers, clearly the best team in the national league central, by far were defeated by the fucking what, 90 win or something like that, st louis cardinals in the playoffs and then they got to go to the fucking world series where they also beat through Flukes, another superior team, those motherfuckers, the only real abiding emotion I have. have related to any sport isn't love for any team, it is hatred for the cardinals, like at this point I don't really even care about the brewers, although I mean hell, if they like really tore into it I would start caring again, but all I really have is hatred for the cardinals, so I have a fucking have the the earth open up and swallow them. There's a book about a college football called to hate like this is to be happy forever and I do think that that gets it something very very important about sports which is that the hatred of the... is much more uh deeply felt than the love of of the team that you root for, and i think that extends to a lot of other things, talk about, talking about motherfuckings. I would love to talk to David Roth about baseball, but I don't think anybody else knows anything, no, nobody else is a baseball fan on the show, Felix just likes fighting sports. I have to say that uh to this day I'm I'm proud of my self that uh in 2001 when the yankees were in the world series against the the absolutely flavorless uh expansion dog shit diamond backs and like America was rooting for the yankees after 911 uh I was absolutely rooting for the fucking diamond bags and I was when Craig Council uh won that game I was out of my chair buse fuck the yankees forever. All right, Gonzalez, what is council was there though, right? was council the run that came in? council was on that team, right? can't remember, all i know is i was happy when it happened. all right, he scored the run, yeah, okay, yeah, he scored the one for the Marlins and the diamond bags, two dog shit expansion teams that shouldn't exist. now the one sport i would like to watch but i can't because there's no American version is probably rugby because at this point and football is just except for you know the playoffs and shit it just there's it's too it's too glacial, it's amazing how people talk about how baseball's boring and then they watch football. "the best baseball movie is major league, that's a question with an easy one uh unarguable answer, major league, best baseball movie of all time, there's a red fire burning on the kayahoga river, rolling into cleeveland to the lake, that was shot at uh old County stadium in Milwaaky." The Lord can make you tumble, the Lord can make you turn, the Lord can make you overflow, but the Lord can't make your burn. It's funny uh, I remember reading moneyball and be devowering it and and feeling like oh my god this is amazing, but you look back on it now and it's just another brick in the wall of turning everybody uh watches the game into into management, it turns and and you know that's not just the fault of statist of uh saber metrics and all that, but the instinctual side, the instinctual u sports fan uh identification in the inherently um conflictual relationship between players and owners is always owners, it's always going to be owners, because you're a fan of the team, right? has anyone ever tell me i look like Philipman we did a live show in LA uh two years ago i think it was at a uh it was at a church it was at a a church that was being renovated and to pay for the renovation they had we're having uh public they were having events you know and so they were getting a share they were getting like a fe for for hosting events, so we did this show in this church and everyone was at pews and apparently people who were there said the sound was absolutely dog shit, nobody could hear us uh, but the chip tickets were cheap, um, and afterwards the wife of the deacon who had helped us set up stopped me on the stairs as we were leaving the church and said, you know you look just like that Philip semore, she was like 55 years old, you look just like that philip seymore Hoffman? He was still alive at that point, so thank you very much for the he because she thought you meant dead, you look dead, or maybe he was dead, shit, maybe she on me that way, when did he die, you have. 14 so he was dead by then, all right, she was owning me, congratulations, she was owning the shit out of me, fuck, well congratulations, i got own, no, i won't do any heroin, not a fan of any opits, never been, no thank you, uh-uh, psychodelics, yes of course, crucial, part of a balanced diet, uh, no, no, no opius for me. Katamine is a psychedelic I would say or dissociative whatever you want to call it, it's fine. I would do Iowa. I've never huffed gas like Philip Hoffman and love lives, no, I mean I have obviously you smelled gas when I was pumping it and been like, oh that smells nice, I've never done the isolation tank, the John Lily thing, and I kind of want to, one of these days I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get the tank. I mean of course I go on Joe Rogan obviously, what would I want to talk to 10 million of the most soft-minded people on earth, you get in there and you just get to like fucking play-doh their brain. like fucking Carl Spackler and a catty shack with the plastic explosive, of course I would do that. uh the snortable weed all right, i'm going to go in a second, this is the last thing i'll talk about, i just saw that yesterday, the thing about the snorty snortable weed, and that is absolutely fascinating to me, so presumably this is people who want to fee something edgy about doing coke doing weed now that we weed is uh been domesticated and so the way that they've decided to do that is to pretend weed is cocaine and to me that is amazing i don't know what kind of what it would give you yeah like are you going to start like boiling weed. over a spoon and then like injecting dabs, like at a certain point you just have to accept okay, weed is uh is normy shit now, weed is basically budwiser, do you like doing it, then do it, if you don't don't, maybe now you just have to confront that your subcultural relationship to it can't persist, but some people say, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the the the the uh confront what goes into my preferences and like maybe tease out what i really am going for here? no, no, no, no, no, i would much much rather uh just pretend and bang out some fucking uh some rails of of weed. you got to imagine that a lot of like uh mom Who got made fun of for saying things like, are you snorting weed? can now vindicate, be vindicated and say, see, you can snort weed. if somebody offered it to me, i would try it though, of course, just to see what the fuck that, what would that do? like is it an instantaneous thing, is it like an edible, i mean presumably like because it's right there, it would like hit your brain very quickly, i don't know, i don't know, i'm not buying any though, that's for sure. Yeah, weed suppositories, that's next, stuff it up your ass. You got to figure that the time release effect of that would be very good. Okay, so see you guys next week and then I think the next week, the week after next week, I'll try to do once again, I don't know. what the assignment will be because i haven't really looked at the book yet, i'll put it on twitter probably, week after next week will, i'll start talking about the beginning of uh colb's book, the vimar republic and we'll figure out hey what the hell is going on with those guys, you have this huge robust self uh organized labor movement and you've got uh this crisis here at the end of world war one, what what what what what? what happened and we'll find out or we'll at least try to figure it out, at least what we'll try to do is tell a story that can be useful, because that's all we can ever really do, we're not going to fucking know anything, we can never know anything, we can tell stories to ourselves that have use. all right, bye-bye.