 digging only one way around, ask me nothing, leave me be taken everything in my stride, don't need reason, don't need right, there are nothing i rather do going down party time, my friends are going to be there too, i'm on my heart. the hell on the high way to hell speed limit, nobody's around. shit, how is it still this? the fuck unhost i said, i fucking said unhost the goddamn thing, how about you unhost the goddamn thing when i tell you to unhost the fucking back? now i feel like a damn computer. learning how to unhost things, i'm unhosting things, i did it, i'm the unhost with the unmost, excuse me, just get a little glorped up here, so today i thought i'd do... something as a little experiment, so I'm going to be recording for tomorrow, inibriated past, haven't done one of those in a while, I think the last one was uh, upd in Sinclaire and the epic campaign of 1930 uh 4, and I kind of don't really know what I want to do it on yet, and I figured it might be interesting to... have a brainstorming session with some of you people and see if you could give me an idea because the problem i always have with rebarated pasts is i never know what to to pick and i kind of have to get sort of shot from a side angle to like be like hey something has to ahaw me and i thought it'd be interesting if we could do a uh a little experiment here and see if i could get something that i feel like ah yes if i prepared for that. i could buy tomorrow do an episode, the battle of blare mountain, that's an interesting one, certainly a rip roaring story, that's for sure, uh, i thought about doing the battle blaer mountain before, uh, bleeding cansas would be interesting, oh man, and something says the Spanish civil war to troll all left tendencies, I was actually thinking of doing that, but then I decided to throw it out there a little bit. I don't know, buse cuz I kind of want to do the Spanish civil war, but at the same time it feels a little too big, uh, and it would be fun though to to troll all the tendencies, because I do think you could tell that story in a way to piss off uh all of the uh sides historical advocates, because you can tell that story in a way that makes the communists look like uh stuges, handmaidens of capital and uh a new like the trotskiest nightmare of them as like a bureaucratic state uh working in concert with capital to to destroy uh revolution. you can also tell that story is about the anarchist is a bunch of uh undisciplined uh fucking peasant dipshits who would not have been able to organize them. the way out of a paper bag, but of course the real tragedy is that both of those things were true, but also the best stories about both sides were true, the people who were.... in there making the up those uh sides, they were for the most part fighting uh under reasonable assumptions, it's just that Spanish society was so fractured at that point that there was no way for those uh fisures to be uh healed in the breach in the crisis moment. Paris commune, that's interesting. William Jennings, Brian. Hm, I mean people apparently, so people listen to the Thomas Frank episode, that might be interesting to go into more detail. The thing about uh Brian is that he is not like, he is what we got instead. socialist leader, you know, like we didn't get a real socialist, like our our version of him would have been like a debs, uh, but Brian was the figure who came out of the uh, like the the rural side of American populism, which was undermined by its parokialism, and that's the problem with American populism, is that it is, it was parochial, because we didn't have an articulated working class, we didn't have one of those made, we had this group of people spread across the country, in different conditions of life, divided by geography, race, ethnicity, language, religion, that didn't cohere the way that working classes did in more in European countries, and the fact that you had this at that time massive number of small holding uh farmers, i mean you had what before the turn of the century something like 90% of American uh involved in some sort of agriculture uh that was just a it ensured that when we got a like a popular uh common party it did not have the uh the internal of a labor party like you saw in Europe and the fact we already had these parties that were set up, we had the democratic and republican party is already extent because America democratized formally much earlier than Europe, because there was the land to giveaway, there was the venting the venting steam valve of western expansion meant that you could have by the 1830s at a time when Europe was completely gripped in the... of reaction, even uh, the the the franchise in in England is is is not very terribly extended, during that period in America, the uh, most states had like a real popular suffrage, and that was because of the uh, the existence of uh property. as a uh arbitrator of social uh conflict. the European part, the European uh polities, the European uh monarchies couldn't be given money, they couldn't give land away, there was no land to give away, the land was all spoken for by the fucking elite to validated their rule, so um, formal democracy had to be restrained. Enclosure would be interesting, the marathon of hope, you fucking Canadians, no thank you. Oh shit, maybe I should just do Benjamin Butler, like a whole like a like a whole episode about him the way I did about Willige, but maybe that's going back to the civil war uh well too many times. so there's too many canadians in here, we got people talking about tommy Douglas and Louis Rial, get out of here, I haven't read Butler's book yet, I think I kind of want to wait until I've read his whole biography. autobiography uh um so I might wait and do that one relatively recently, but I think I want to do a different one today or to for tomorrow. uh, the German revolution, that's an interesting one, that's another real uh, I don't, I would, I kind of think about maybe doing uh, doing something that's like sort of broadly about uh, that whole interwar period where where the Russians try to do their revolution with the premise in mind that it would lead to a continent-wide revolution, that's why they did it, ever, no one thought that uh Russia could sustain itself. in a socialist economy absent the intervention of western capital in the form of uh in the form of help from these uh new uh European communist states that were going to emerge and then you saw this failure to ignite across Europe and it's not just Germany there's a soviet that briefly takes power in Hungary uh there's uh battle between Frykor and Bolshevics across the uh in the Baltic, there's a bloody civil war in Finland uh which sees uh the pro-bolshevic side interned and massacred and then there's uh strikes and uprisings in France and England and then after that. and then of course the Russians tried to uh invade Poland, and then once that initial wave subsides, you see the birth of fascism as like a political challenge to this new uh force on the continent, and then you see in countries that are like at the periphery like Spain, where uh where industrialization has has been the least implemented, which is one of the big reasons that. was such a defined tendency in the Spanish civil war is because you were dealing with very close to uh to medieval conditions of peasantry in the countrysides of places like Catalonia and they were uh they were not interested in the sort of uh social rationalization process. of being turned into proletarians that uh that the uh more coherent working class of like Madrid uh and like the railroad workers and stuff uh were were moving towards but then you see this war as part of this battle for power between uh these regimes uh and it really is It's it's a series of defeats, it's a series of of defeats at every point uh, even the World War II is essentially a defeat, because the conditions that uh Stalin accepts uh at the end of that war are the conditions of the eventual defeat of the Soviet Union uh, and I think that maybe people didn't know that at the time, but I think that Stalin even uh, if he'd known that would have said, would have taken the deal. because the alternative would have been a conflict with the capitalist world that he was not, he didn't have the way with all or ability. or will to carry out, because then you have the the cold war, which is really a resource war over access to the the colonial underbellies of the western powers, which are now having to uh be turned over to native political formations and... political economies and where what, what uh network, what global system would they be uh connected into, and the the system that that the the Soviets signed off on with Brenton Woods and the UN and everything, it it essentially assume it guaranteed that over time uh the capitalist west would would strangle uh the communist world, which is exactly what happened, the only thing that could have changed that dynamic was the the uh the chall the the battle for resources which was definitively won by the west, and that's why we're living in a world where... the we're capital one where where we are uh having to to to grapple with that and if capital one and the common ruin is is the likely outcome then what do we try to do with our lives, how do we how do we live with that reality without the fantasy of of of a deliverance you know and of course that is not to say that we're doomed the human race or us as individuals, it means that we uh are going to have to focus, I think on building durable structures to resist uh, the the the decline that's coming, I feel like this is a period of of decadence and and inherent decline uh that can't be resolved from within. capital one because no one in the socialist can't believed in the system by the 70s, that's correct, and uh, the reason for that is because the project that they built was not, it required, it required a advanced revolution that never happened, the... the the bootstrap idea okay, it failed, Europe did not kick off, now what do we do? the answer of, well we're going to compete with Europe and we're going to do capitalist, like capital accumulation the way that capitalism does it in this underdeveloped fucking feudal backwater, it was viable in that it created a state and it created a state capacity, but the state it created was unable to to uh successfully prosecute the global war against capitalism that was its rais on debt, it couldn't do it, it could not fight it effectively, and the fact of that, the proof of that is the fail, it's failure, and it wasn't anybody's fault. uh, I think every, I think the bolsheviks were correct in their understanding of the situation in 1917, that there had to be a war, or that there had to be a uh, a a a seasure of power or else there would be the uh reactionary counter revolution, they were correct about that, and they were the only force capable at that moment of carring off the uh, seasor power, uh, but that was because they thought. you got to sit on your thumbs and they were right that there was not enough middle class to stand up. to take power in 1917, but then the question is, well then why is a revolution worth pursuing in that condition, if it means that it will create a situation of general. general general war and they had good reason to believe that was going to happen, but then it didn't. I did not, I've not listened to the WTF with hunter Biden, that sounds fun though, he smoked parmesan cheese, i i didn't know parmesan look like, I've never done crack so I don't know what crack looks like. like i've only seen it in new jack city, i shant go on crack, no, thank you. Apparently it's popping off in Belfast again uh real 70s hours we'll see what happens the type rebellion might be interesting the type rebellion might be interesting because it is very under it's something that's very under uh known about considering how massive it was, it was, they estimate something like 30 million people died, it was in the middle of the, but it happened the same time the US civil war was happening, so uh, we all forget uh about it, it was happening during one of the opium wars, which also is just not uh remember it at all. It is amazing that it's about a guy, the whole thing was a guy who failed his SATs and went Nutso, a failed PMC basically, who led a peasant revolt that uh organized itself around all the the uh disconntent among the landless hokka peasantry who uh made up the sort of uh rural proletariat, proto proletariate of of China, and then ended up being the the bulk of the army that made up the... communist party when they took power. favorite pokemon is is gio dude because of that tweet of about geo dude being real and being his strong and being obama's friend i always thought was funny jo dudes rock indeed. We kind of did watergate on the uh on the g on the HW episode, I don't really think I have that much to add to it, it is a fascinating story though, partially because of how quant it all is. is Q dead, that's an interesting question, it's interesting, I think that we can say, at least I think it seems pretty clear that it looks like it's splintering, uh, it looks like you is, as you'd imagine, it's it's going into factions, I don't, I don't think people are going back to normal because that's not an option anymore, but I think people are going to be finding their own, their own sects, their own... discrete uh reality versions, because we are getting to the point where our escape valve into cyberspace is losing its power on us, we have to keep cranking up our own emotional reaction and relation to it, we have to deepen the story that we're telling ourselves when we go online, and that means we're going to have to start finding deeper and deeper, parallel realities to create. so like real real mind palace shit, because you obviously reality is always made up, reality is is is constructed by the the shared delusion of of the citizenry, like the the delusions that we all uh perpetuate by virtue of their hagemoneny in our lives, and they we operate from those principles without even thinking about it. uh, but that one big delusion we've been telling ourselves is breaking down, and what's filling the space is these uh tailor made uh bespoke delusions that can be shared with much smaller groups of people than the larger hegemonic truths and or delusional truths we used to operate by, so that means that people say, what's happening with cults, why aren't cults coming back? I mean, we're all kind of living in cults. It's just their soft, virtual cults, I mean cults involve people living together, cults involve sociality, they involve people buying homes and living in them together, that's the opposite of the lifestyle of the atomized uh, mediated digital American, so now all the cults are uh are relationships of virtual reality that we sustain through engagement with the internet. the media fandom has replaced cults. Are we a cob? I mean, I would say that uh, that we've are in that middle area between a cult and uh, what in the past would have been one's relationship to the media one consumes, like we could, people consume media now in a way that is more emotionally textured and and they they share a uh a imaginative. union with others who uh like similar media in a way that is between - culs and the old way that people used to consume media, i will say that, but it's just that the word is less operative because everything is less social, everything is less social, we have just less sociality in our existences and and we're filling that hole with virtual uh. existence and virtual politics, virtual identity, and then we just spend our days doing the same stuff, our actual actions are don't are not comporting to the mind realm we're in, like people want to talk about how we've never been more divided in shit and how there's this partisan conflict, it is, yes, but it's amazing with that being true. how relatively uh uncoordinated and uh ritualized political violence in this country is, and that's because That's just the very end of a process, the vast majority of people are not that activated, and even the ones who are that activated are mostly activated to simulate so uh uh political violence, the majority of us are happy to virtually engage in like a political uh sorting and and ritualized uh disavowal uh and upholding, but in our... to day lives we just do the same stuff we ever would have done, we we're just consuming, we're just in, we're rats in the maze man, and what I mean by that is, our we can have these deeply felt political involvements and uh phantoms, but they do not move beyond that uh, that retail consumer level, and so terms like you know, fascism. and cults and all this shit, they still have a hole of our imaginations, and we still see people carrying out acts using the the uh, the the vocabulary and the the symbolism, but all of that has been emptied of actual meaning, actual uh, consequent meaning, like consequence to to the the way things are going to go, the way things are going to go is uh, just continued. techno feudal declun, that's the only way they can go, there is no building up social conflict, there is only a continued uh abstraction away from people of their ability to reproduce themselves, like Americans have been disarmed in the sense that they cannot live except at the subference of a global supply chain, that they have no power over. I went to somebody's asking if I ever went to a Milwakee Admirals game. I went to one milwake admirals game in my life, I think it was with my cub scout troop, that was, I was very. excited to go uh, because I lived like an hour north of there in a smaller town and I was just absolutely fascinated by tall buildings, I went and just seeing the absolutely uh, the towering skyscrapers of the of Milwaake, uh, I was completely transfixed. Apparently a new particle has dropped, there's a new particle that is being acted on in ways that cannot be perceived, been very intrigued by these ideas lately about about you know the reality of of quantum space, I don't want to get too into it because I don't know anything, but it does seem to me that there's there's a real open question about the degree. to which uh consciousness is a like manifested force or can manifest force the world, like the consciousness is an acting independent force on the world, not of course in a dualistic sense, just in the sense that uh, I don't. there's a lot of tiny little particles out there, you know, your brain's made out of them, your brain is made out of tiny little particles and every decision you make is this is these transmission across time. this these these signals going and and and and uh going into points of like sub sonic space, i don't know, this is all weed talk, i don't know anything about this shit, i would all i all i know about that stuff is that i know enough about it to know that... There is uh no reason to believe that there uh that a mechanistic construction of the universe, even if it could be done would actually explain anything. I didn't watch the Q and on documentary. I don't know if I will. It's a lot six hours. I maybe would like to watch a compilation of the stuff about the Watkinses because apparently they're really uh they're a pair of real jokers. Just fascinating uh American grotesques. I mean part of it is I don't really care who q is, I don't think it matters buse, it's pretty clear the queue is a social phenomenon, and at that point whatever created it is almost beside the point, it's it's like you're constantly in a game and and people are shouting out prompts and something fucking lands and q is what landed whether it was uh forchant pervert or a bunch of anonymous posters or uh or it was the government which I know a lot of people believe that it was a is a uh intelligence operation it was a syop the way it spread seemed to me to be pretty organic which is the important thing. and what makes it organically transmittable is is the is how uh primed people are for it of how much people want something to do for the brain, they want something to make sense of the world around them, and uh, because our only options to exert any control of our lives involved going online, that's where the more inquisitive of of inquisitive of us, the most restlessly minded of us, that's where we're going to look for it, and we're all going to see, I mean we're only ever going to see our reflections, we're only ever going to see because we are isolated, we're not under, we're not doing a class project of of realizing through action. shared goals, shared uh humanity, uh, shared interests, we are only operating through the individual filter of a consumer, and so when we go online to find out what's going on, uh, we're only, we're only looking for a validation of what we already thought, which is what q is, q is the native, american uh rejection of uh the world as it exists that cannot be articulated through any kind of leftist uh lens because America defeats that at every turn by the reality of life in this country, by the the defeat of class uh awareness, of of the way that America makes it impossible to live or even to know you could live as a worker as opposed to as an individual uh, I'm... I'm working on a project right now that's dealing with the uh the anti-masons of the 18 uh 20s and 30s and uh that is a perfect exemplar of this phenomenon you had in western New York the burnedover district where the third grade awakening is happening and people are coming to terms with how to be a Christian in a fallen world of commerce where even uh Yomenry is sort of being uh cut off as an option or the the upper dreams of yomen rear being foreclosed by the reality of of uh land speculation and uh finance. but where the uh the democ democratic explanation that is uh popular in the south and uh amongst the the the working people in in the cities uh blaming it on banks is not an option because western New York only their entire economic uh engine is based on the Ari canal which is the... the first internal improvement, the defining internal improvement that uh that federalists and then uh national republicans and wigs would try to pursue uh in the face of democratic opposition for the entire uh antebel period, so uh these people were not going to be democrats, they weren't going to be able to explain what was wrong by blaming the banks because they and... and and uh internal improvements because their livels dependent on those things, so what's whose fault is it? and the answer they got was the the fucking masons, a group within a group, a a a secret favor seeking group and within the power, and of course you know the inciting incident that led to it was an actual murder of a of a former mason who was going to write a book about their secrets. and whose death led to a bunch of masonic uh political figures and uh law enforcement types just going, that's not a big deal, actually you know what, he kind of had a comic and absent any way of like articulating a class critique at that point, uh, those masons stood in for the reality, which is that this system is not for your benefit, this system doesn't exist for you. the deeper truth about uh about this democracy that that these people lived in, but which they were fully devoted to, it was the only way they could articulate their distaste, and that's been how historically we have expressed our our depoliticized or rather declassified alienation with the fruits of American democracy, which we putatively up for, this is the country we built, this is the greatest country in the world, this is the country that has our institutions and was built our liberties and is and we are invested in, and yet, and yet it is a country that I do not recognize, how do you explain it? the answer is is that the people who appear to be on your side aren't, and of course that's correct, that is correct, they are not on your side, they are on the side of of yes of mal, they are on the side of mam, of the devil in the form of a algorithm of prophet extraction that does not care about any human feeling, and these are a dark priesthood, but because we don't have an articulation of class, it gets buried at the level of symbol. any other ideas for the amene rated pass, i'm still not sure which one i'm going to do, battle of blare mountain might be fun, or i might just do Benjamin butler, i don't know. but I think it's interesting that uh, antimasonry has a uh through line in the figure of Miller. philmore from uh antimasonry which begins as a fusion of a grassroots that is alienated from uh power and uh wants an explanation for why they don't have it. uh and a a a class of political entrepreneurs, entrepreneurs, hustlers who wanted a way to challenge jacksonian democracy uh in a way that would be appealing to regular people uh and used anti-masonryy as a coverage for that uh and then once NIMarry did its job it was discarded for the creation of the wig party and then uh after the wigs broke up it became the base - Miller Philmore who started off as the antimason became a wig, then after the war after the collapse of the wigs he ran uh for president as the know nothing candidate, the nativist candidate, because once the wigs broke up, once again there was a question, how to get people to oppose democracy in the north without becoming sectional, without challenging slavery, and the answer was uh, Irish catholics, and of course the irony here is that the know nothings are called that because they started as a secret society. called the order of the star spangled banner that you had and you had to pledge your secrecy to them and you had secret handshakes and shit just like the masons, but there's another strain there because another figure who started off uh as a no as a anti-mason and then became a wig uh was fata Stevens who then moved to the republicans not to to the nothings who decided that he wanted to be a sectional figure and a uh someone confronted slavery uh at its heart and then he uh became the face of like a radical redistributivist republican party. That's stuff where uh Camala Harris is like we're going to be going to war for water, that's pretty funny, just like I guess just letting everyone know, it's like hey, hey y'all, just so everyone has a heads up, we're gonna be going to war for water, why would you if you're a politician, why would you say that? It's just wild, it's like hey, hey war boys, get ready, I'm getting. get shiny and chrome, she is uh, she is a fascinating figure in a way, i mean she's just such a blank, she's so uh, yeah, her capacity to just like laugh and all the most inappropriate moments, uh, it's very interesting, it's weird, like, she's not a politician like... Obama, you know, who, whose gift is keying in to what people want to hear, and to present of a fasad of humanity, and then we got Biden, whose whole deal is being like a bluff hearty, fake irish uncle, uh, she just goes out in public with zero a human affect, uh, yeah, like a more of a Mitt Romney figure a figure wears their inhumanity proudly. I guess you could say that that's that makes sense that she is the figure who will take power after Biden is like as uh as the the masks fall from from capital and as our political figures lose the requirement to perform humanity in order to be uh to be able to claim power because our our influence in the process becomes less and less uh you get these people take power who are barely able to contain their uh contempt for the obligations, the rituals of behaving like a human being, real lizard hours. I remember that time when uh they after she became VP or after she endorsed Biden and they asked her of course the classic got. uh what about all these horrible things you said about him at the debate, including that he's like racist and that he personally is responsible for her uh being like otherrized while being bus as a a young student in california and she just goes, it's a debate and just starts laughing. now i get that's the correct answer, it's a debate, this doesn't matter, but i don't know if i can think of anybody else would have responded with. that would have just been that dismissives of even the pretense that they had to uh act like there was a consistency there, and that's why she's not, nobody likes her, but that's also why there is the Kihive, because she speaks to people who are similarly sick of pretending to be humans. I've seen some people like uh Kamala in the real world, I've heard tell of real Kamala fans uh, I saw a sign on a fan very fan, very big, very uh expensive house that said uh, congratulations. say biden harris said congratulations vice president elect camal harris and then after the inaugural they got rid of the elect and it just said uh congratulations president vice president harris so there are people who love her and i think that they are. wealthier people uh, i think people who work in uh some sort of supervisory capacity uh, and who have a real identification with being a girl boss and also straining to hold back their frustration with their underlings. It will be very funny though if she never gets to be president because Biden serves two terms. he's in a fucking exoskeleton by the end of it, he's he's our god emperor 40k, warhammer, not trump, it's him in the fucking suit, he's he wears like a big mec suit, but it shape like a 57 catalak with like the fucking fins and shit. Come on man, I do wonder about Joe though. I wonder how Joe is doing, he seems like he's uh, they're letting him out of the out of the kennel, which is kind of interesting cuz it doesn't seem like he's doing too well, but I honestly feel like they feel, I feel more than anything that they are confident the media is so in the bag for them, so terrified by Trump and so in, so dedicated to like breaking America's uh uh addiction to Trump that we're. uh that they're willing to overlook anything and they figure if nobody talks about it except the right it'll get yeah it'll be it'll turn into actually it's ableus racism to say that uh that trump's brain is melting or that biden's brain is melting. somebody ask will there ever be another two-term president, that's actually an interesting question uh, if there's sufficient, i mean it really depends on, it depends on if we get any more real like recession depression situations again, or if they just keep liquifying the economy until the whole thing falls apart, like dissolves into into like constituent corporate entities, but yeah, if there's significant economic volatility in the near term, I could see it just being a revolving door. just getting mad and then kicking out the guy and bringing in the next one, oh man, I have to say, I have not been paying too much attention to England of course because it's a big nited hell realm, but it is positively. darkly satisfying to watch the Kier Starmer Labor party eat shit even in the face of Boris Johnson fucking like the clumpsing it all over the uh the vaccine or all over the uh the coronavirus response and it shows that they're always wrong doesn't it I mean was the entire yell the entire uh refrain during uh corbin was uh a competent labor leader by which they meant a guy who uh was going to forswear socialism uh would be up 20 points and now they got their guy they got their their their face their neoblaarite little boy their their little fucking apple polisher has never been anti-semitic one time in his life and is and is a good good position on brexit or whatever the fuck. and is willing to uh accept the reality of austerity and the reality of of uh of capitalism and he's just eating shit, he's eating absolute shit, it's wow, and I'm sure that there uh, their plenty of reasons these guys have pulled out of their ass that this doesn't totally refudiate their entire political project, but we all... the real reason which is that they don't care that he's bomb that much, it never mattered if he won, it just mattered that Corbin didn't win, like they don't actually give a shit, they never cared, it didn't matter if they believed that he would that a more moderate labor would have been more competitive, they just didn't want berny to win, or Corbin to win, and they made it happen, and now they get to uh turn around and explain this while they continue to eat shit. It would be funny if uh, if the UK breaks up though, that's the hope is that is that you don't have a United Kingdom in 10 years. be funny if the UK breaks up, but uh, Australia does still refuses to get rid of the queen, they just love having a queen so much, the queen of England and Australia, look, we love it, we love Avain, she's bloody great, the bloody queen, she's a piss out. I did get the uh vaccine, I got uh, the Johnson and Johnson one shot, so we'll see if I uh, if my brain explodes, we'll see if I start uh taking orders from uh the UN, Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna look like uh Bart Simpson after he drank the the low uh calorie uh soda pleasant taste some monsterism. I got, I'm sure I got, I'm filled with, I'm filled with uh, with ground up uh Bill Gates for skin, I'm sure. I haven't really had any side effects, it kind of makes me wonder if I got a placebo, feeling pretty normal. I think I have webbed feet though, that's one thing that's happened, so that's pretty cool, no I will not. showing you, the English civil war is not a is pretty interesting, it is really where like... starts developing its own coherent uh like political manifestation, capitalism and puritaniism are really linked crucially because they're both about dissolving uh royal authority over the spirit and over the economy. And you have, even though this is you, very early uh, merchant capitalism, and very little in the way of any kind of manufacturing, you already have uh the forces emerged that are gonna end up competing for uh power as capitalism develops more uh uh coherently. and you have guys like Gerard Winstanley who articulates Marx's theory of social conflict 200 years before him in a religious context, he writes a book, he writes a pamphlet where he says that the source of conflict, the source of warfare between men, the social source of social strife is class, it is, it is, of course they mean by that at that point, you know, lords and serfs and such, but uh, it's it's the it's the... of uh of of the communist manifesto right there and I think you really could say that 1688 the uh the glorious revolution which sort of caps the whole period of conflict between uh parliament, merchant capital uh and uh calvinist protestantism on the one hand and uh royal authority, landed gentry, anglicanism and more formal like hierarchical christianity and the other uh, you know it erupts in the civil war, they cut the head of the king off. uh Cromwell tries to impose a a parliamentary order, I mean I think he really did uh and it uh failed because the uh social formations to uh uh to generate it didn't exist, they were insufficient yet, and so he ended up having to just assume all power to himself in into a royal figure the way that Hobs had predicted would happen, and then uh, it led to the bringing back of the Stewarts, but only on conditions uh of a liberalization of the economy and of religious uh oversight, and which is why and and the liberalization of uh of political rights, it's really a 50-year uh contest that ends with a uh a treaty, it's like a a west fail style treaty for uh for English political economy, you were going to keep a king, but he's going to be a protestant and the parliament will uh have real authority, even if final authority will be rested in the king. I think I might be, I thinking now I could think I could do Benjamin Butler pretty well and and make the points I want to make. Do I think that John Wayne Gays was part of a child sex trafficking ring in Chicago? Well shit, I do now, goddamn. I feel like he would have said something about it, I mean he had nothing to lose, what's my opinion on Obama? Uh, I'll just say this, uh, Barack Obama, more like. the man the man is simply an ocrumbo to me all right uh hope to do i don't know i don't i don't think i'll be able to do one on friday uh but next wednesday maybe uh we'll see but i will let people know when and uh also still thinking about what the next book should be uh, I think I want to take a break from reconstruction, so uh, maybe something else, but if anyone has any good ideas let me know, and then i'll maybe open it up here and find some uh, some more suggestions too, but uh, yeah, maybe next week, I'll say when precise what next book is going to be. Okay, bye-bye.