 14 we took a little trip down with colnel jackson down to mind missacip our guns and the British kept to come because it wasn't as many as it was a while ago fired once more and they took to run it down the mississippi to the golf of Mexico. Please Mr. Kennedy, oh oh, I don't want to, please don't send me into out of place, please Mr. Kennedy, oh oh, please don't, please don't set me into outer space, please Mr. Kenny, oh oh, I don't want to, please don't send me and do out of space. Ah, hey folks, uh, so there's another dang article about chapo and this fucking New Yorker, they love doing this, it's weird, and you know what, if you put an article about us that gets people talking on the wheel of Samsara, that is twitter conversation topics along with men be not, having a bed frame and David Foster Wales is toxic uh and fuck there's a bunch I'm not even thinking of uh should there be slurs in DSA that people can argue about all day long and then wait a few months and get another one. It's on the wheel of pain for sure. It's on the eternal wheel of suffering. And it is very funny to me that uh that me. the media is so incestuous now, it is so cloistered, now obviously they're not all rich, a lot of them are are fucking like broke freelancers, but i mean it is so culturally cloistered, like there is no real money for media anymore, like the infrastructure of making content, it's much easier to do it through the lens of social media. All the media is bad is what I'm saying, that uh, it's it's shallow, it's shallow and it's political, because that's all they can talk about, all the all the people who are. culture, they're not having independent lives, right? it used to be that the people who made uh mainstream like cultural media, you know, tv, movies, that kind of stuff, the people wrote about that stuff, and wrote about politics, all of them lived separate lives and had separate personal sort of frameworks of life, they they have fixed positions in a world that builds their identity, and then they uh, they go to the media. to express it, and then we all watch the result, and it is, it is a a personalized context, right? like, we're getting obviously capitalist propaganda, but filtered through the individual perspectives of these individual people, but now everybody doesn't have a life that they bring to their art, to the media, to culture, to politics, those things have replaced their lives, because that's where they feel... our lives have been drained of agency, sociality and agency, which means that we we put our real mana into our online experiences, we pump our oregon into the social media cloud, and then what comes out is the result of that, it's a cloistered little house, instead of everybody individually, you know, coming together, it is one hive mind of of anxious of anxiousness of urban anxiety, of the neurosis of the guilty elite, that segment of those who are being advantaged by the current apocalyptic conditions, feel bad about it, we have sublimated their desires into a erotic supererego and need to perform culture of of abnegation of that responsibility without challenging the situation, because it's to their advantage. "that is the uh, that is to say it's bourgeois, but it is a bourgeois that is now been truly homogenized, everybody is living in the same mansion like mentally, and therefore their concerns are so meesly and miserly, a lot of it is because like I said, they're not experiencing things outside uh of the place, they're just content creators in mills, they're not. living jobs that aren't part of the media that like inform their lives, they're not coming to media from other experiences, no, college and then directly to the content machine, so uh, so they're just these uh bundles of neurosis, of liberal neurosis, because it is the guilty rich, the guilty, successful, the guilty, lucky, however you want to put it, and that might be the best way to put it, the guilty lucky. feel bad about being lucky per are the ones most likely to want to do culture work and not work in the actual machinery that makes this thing go politics or business or something and those people staff it, the meritocracy is powered by people. 'who believe that their luck can be consecrated by the application of some social justice that will mean that they don't have to feel guilty anymore, that's what liberal politics is, and liberal culture is enacting your difference, enacting your non uh culpability in it, and the thing is, you're not really culpable'. You are largely powerless in the face of this. You are, we are all slotted where we are through the happen stance of of birth, the cosmic throw of the dice. The the guilt that that creates, like this is the thing is, I say this that we're all guilty, we're all accomplishes, we're part of this machine and people, and and the responses, oh god, no, that's the that's the neuros, that's uh going to cripple people. with this neurotic need to uh, destroy themselves, to to negate themselves, and I'm saying, no, uh, that's what the liberals do with this reality, they take it as a hair shirt and then have to expiate that, but it's all indulgence, it's all to their own gratification, they're still comfortable, they still are economically secure, and now they don't feel guilty anymore, they feel elevated, and therefore they feel okay with being... they are, it is a ritual consecration of their of their innocence, and that's what the cultural liberal left is, is a ritual denial of of guilt, the the reason this is important is not to reinforce that neurosis, but to point out that it's beside the point, we're all where we are, we still have to live, and if we are living to scurge ourself of our personal guilt, we will never be able to directly address the world around us, because we will still be trapped on the on the hedonic treadmill, you will still be oriented around self-gratification, this case self-gratification through self-abnegation. that's liberalism though, that is progressivism, power, that is the ant in the attic of the Victorian mansion going bady. the left, the socialist project, grounded as it is in daily experience and motivated by a increased sense of connection to others uh solidarity as it were, that neurosis is not less uh prominent and can be aswaged away. now the thing is, some people say that means we should all be culturally reactionary, no, because that's just the nervous breakdown of the other lucky people. Who want to maintain their power. The right-wing side of the culture war is just the reverse erotic display. It is the indulgence of the senses and of domination. Insistence that one cannot should not feel guilty about the power they hold, the position they found themselves, because it was ordained by God or nature. But in a condition of terminal decline. just not only personally in that good things don't feel as good over time, they wear out their pleasure and you end up anoticing everything that's uh unpleasant instead to like create a zone of distinction, the ability to indulge is going away, the ability to to to both have a life of of total uh consumption and then also pass it off to your children as your legacy. and i submit that it is cannot be, people like to point about talk about podcasts and the internet and talk aboutshi, but gramshi was talking about the uprooting of a peasant society into a work working class conscious of itself to the creation of cultural structures around the working class and the peasants that would generate their own cultural superstructure into... of the capitalist one, nurtured from the roots of of struggle, funded through the people's share of profit, that is our socialization of institutions like newspapers and political parties and and radio stations, and and civic governments and culture, and culture, and they compare that moment to ours and say podcasts and stuff are that, they're not. not, we are within the culture, capitalist superstructure, we are fully generated by it, because there is no more grassroots, connection between working class people as such and any kind of cultural production, they have been declassified, we have all been declassified and we re-enter the market as monads, as Adams reconstituting ourselves along the axis of consumers of a spectacle. and so the culture we create, even outsider culture coming from social media and not traditional media forms, something that isn't subject to uh the market because it's provided for by uh by uh user uh subscriptions that this is countercultural work, it does inject left concepts into the the the slurry of shit that people encounter every all day and allow them to take political concepts from the left and add them to their consumer identity, but they can only do it from their to a position of still subject uh passivity, that the the kind of things we're talking about culture, we're talking about that... would really be challenging would emerge around struggle, around specifically labor struggle, and we haven't seen that yet, doesn't mean it's not going to happen, I predict it will, uh, but it's not yet present, which means talking about what type of political podcast is the morally right one to listen to, because it's doing the most and best politics and is by listening to it you're going to contribute to the best politics is delusional fundamentally. It is trapped in the matrix, it is stuck in the cave. Chapo and the whole online left. created a new consumer identity for people, now that consumer identity could be useful in getting some people invested in the actual struggles happening, but it does not generate counterculture power, and the proof of that was the 2020 uh primary, when the decided the the center of gravity of the democratic primary elector was so far removed from the cultural eye of the the more and concepts of left twitter that got consecrated into things like chapo that they were completely it was completely irrelevant to the question, all those question, all those hairsplitting arguments about is this good for berdie that this guy endorsed him and oh my god what about uh what about cumtown and how how's that going to make uh bernie look with african americans and oh what about bernie needs edge uh but Bernie requires cutting edge positions on things like sex work uh and uh reparations and prison abolition to keep to excite the the the the people who have already embraced these positions no matter what people's discrete opinions on any of these questions is the matter that thing that mattered is that nobody who is captivated by that language no one who is engaging politics through that lens uh was meaningful to the process because they were already overwhelmed, they were already self-segregated because they were cut off from people who were worse off than them, more alienated than them, but less likely to have ever encountered any of this shit, because this these are different worlds, we're creating these little bubble realities within the capitalist uh media sphere. they're all just bubbles, it's like a bucky ball, and they do not interact, only to be to experience them from inside and outside is a fundamental different reality, because it is now boutique reality, there is no monoculture, it's like the eyes of a fly, and that means it comes down to numbers and that percentage of the people, politically agitated, downwardly mobile young people broadly, was a was a fraction of the total number of young people, the most of them have completely detached from politics as a part of their identity and therefore aren't encountering this argument through the lens that you would need to understand it, they're only maybe seeing it and not engaging with it, and then everybody older and better off is completely outside of it, and is created their own reality that is generated by the mainstream media. that they still believe in, because they have not yet been fully broken away from that, even if they're they now have like a partisan view of it where like there's two mainstream medias, a good and a bad one, and you affirm your goodness by watching the good one and being mad about the bad one, but it it's still fractured away from like what you saw even 40 years ago, but it's not as fractured as what younger people uh uh experience the media as, and those people. are going to the boat, the voting booth, those people are engaging with politics earnestly, and there are way, way more of them than there are of you, and and there's no conveyor belt to get outside of that bubble, because you have to opt into it, and who would opt into it if they were not being pulled there by some demographic magnet? did you go to college, did you expect to have a professional job after you graduated, were you forced uh to uh take work that you never? wanted to uh, are you forced to delay things like having a family? uh, are you prevented from maturing in a real sense? are you stalted in your development? because you cannot uh actually exercise power in your life, you're being pulled and you are being uh infantilized basically, but because you want to college because you had bought into a certain package of assumptions about uh what a responsible citizen who deserves a middle-class lifestyle and unaalienated labor should be doing, and that means having a political identity, having political morality and voting, or if you don't vote, voting as a like trying to prove a point, which is the same thing as voting. you have, you have enchanted voting as a meaningful act, it is, it is identity for me to you. that does not happen to most people now, and certainly most people who fall outside of the lucky zone, for whom the state's compact has always been a fraud, for whom there has never been a chance. to invest yourself at belief in these things, because there was never going to pay off, there was never a bargain said that if you do x, y and z you will get treats, it is you will do x, y and z, and if you don't, bad things will happen to you, but if you do, bad things will still probably happen to you, and so the question of how to consecrate my dedication to the state never occurs, that means you're not encountering this political argument within this bubble, and bernie's campaign passed through you like gammer rays, by and large. if it brought working class people to Bernie, it was through the lens of the mainstream media, it was what they saw in commercials and and even though it was all biased against him, he's such a powerful figure and and and he has such a clear message that he actually did win a bunch of people over, but not enough, so this to me renders the question of the political violence of podcasts or anything on the internet moot. "this is not where the action is in terms of moving forward a project to save the human race. we are now providing distraction, but not in, i would argue, the pure negative sense of uh, you know, there to prevent a revolution, to prevent energy from going towards uh uh, saving the the people. i would say that in the absence of..." any class formation, which is what we have now, there is no way that you can argue that uh, the media screen that we view the world through is inherently a distraction from people recognizing the their the condition and then acting in a revolutionary fashion and that those sum total of revolutionary desires will be channed into a a socialist current that could challenge capitalism and isn't happening because people are being distracted by media. I think that absent class politics uh, the me that in the current moment everybody's increased alienation that they wouldn't be able to distract themselves with by political engagement, the the idea that they actually do have power uh would not go towards revolutionary anything, it would go towards self-destructive nialism, like actual self-annilation in the form of... drugs in the form of uh suicidal extreme actions of one kind or another, in the form of increased hostility to the world around you to the point that you create some sort of confrontation, just sparks flying socially, increased uh human misery, basically because why the hell would we assume? that this misery that we're now distracting ourselves from, if felt more keenly would have us be able to do anything useful. part of the reason that we're all so anxious is we feel how powerless we are, which means that if you say, oh yeah, the very few things you do have an ability to imagine yourself in charge of, like what you watch, uh, who you vote for, what positions you hold, what things you'll fight for, what demonstrations you'll go for, go to, what organizations you'll form? "if you're telling me that none of that uh, if you're telling me that none of that matters, well then what am i supposed to do? i'm morally obligated now to essentially uh begin gorilla warfare with the state, to actually do the revolutionary shit that we're all talking about, i'm i have to do that now, because the current machinery." out of our hands and we have to recaim it and only through violence, because we are no longer capable of asserting power through organs of law, they will simply rewrite the law, and it's too late for anything else because of the closing walls of climate catastrophy, so we have to try to grab the rains any means necessary, but okay, say you say, i'm going to do that, you have to do it, even then, what do you do, even if you say i'm willing to my life, you still want your life to mean something, right? you don't want your life to be like the the the glass of water that's just poured on the floor, which was hagel's metaphor for a life that is ended without purpose, a life that just ends when somebody isn't intending to do something, that's like somebody just spills some water. even if you're ready to die, what are you dying for? because what do you do? there's nothing to do. what do you attack? who do you shoot? what do you blow up? what do you personally do? you're not, you can't join a group. there are no groups to join. how would you even go about doing that? are you going to go on the internet and start asking around until the... FBI and traps you and then you get to fucking die on uh at ADX Florence writing scralling spirals in your own shit nobody wants to do that so only the most extremely agitated will do violence at first, everybody else will just try to distract themselves with something else. All right, fine, if it's not politics, give me something else that I can indulge as a consumer, I'm still have that freedom, and that will keep me from. the point of terror that oh my god this is getting worse and there's nothing to be done and that will lead to greater self annihilation in some sense or another because you have you're going to have to keep upping the indulgence to make up for the increased sense of fear as as the as the end rushes forward and you feel uh un ready for it because the existential of life under capitalism as the winners, which is what we are, if we're on here, is the existential terror of of the winners, which we're all trying to expagate through politics. uh has to be uh indulged, it has to be distracted, because it's essentially your body trying to call you, your mind trying to call you into accordance with your the reality of the world around you, which is oh, there's a lot of stuff that i keep, i prioritize above being more like active politically because i like it more, but i don't recognize that because i get to. I have the privilege of that, and that is not to condemn anyone morally, that is just a fact. We are built to be pleasure-seeking robots, and we're fighting the programming because we're human beings who are embedded in reality and embedded in connection to one another, and we feel it every day, we just have no way to express it through any sort of uh, in any way in our lives, because we are turned into these machines. so we're most of us are going to prefer to stay alive and to maintain our position even if it's tenuous and even if it looks like it's going to get worse and even if we can only hope for worse in the future and even if it's going to be worse for our kids, there is still is pleasure in the moment, there still is security in the moment, there still is most of anything anxiety about losing it in the moment that has to be aswaged and 'if you can't imagine that politics can change anything, then you have to get busy living, basically, and how do you do that without uh overindulgence, and so you either destroy yourself or you lash out, you either implode or explode, and either way, there might be some people who do it with a political mind, but there can be nothing good could aggregate out of it because it is the stacastic social violence uh created by capitalist alienation is it just hyper uh metastises through the social body. so there there is no ch sense that culture with large is preventing revolution, it's only it's only soothing us through essentially hospice, like it is as Marx referred to as religion, it is the opium of the people, but not in a pejorative sense, in a medicinal sense. It is allowing us to maintain our sanity, as it were, to to prevent ourselves from pulling ourselves apart in the face of the the overwhelming uh, horror that living and every moment in this hyperalienated world that we see collapsing around us and feel no power to be able to stop, is engendering. so we all still have to live, because most of us are going to stop short of self uh purifying violence against the state and and the ones who do are going to do it without coordination and and with the aid of the FBI, and so what you will be worth with is a bunch of people even more paralyzed, even more commitment to indulging themselves along some other axis. At least, imagining themselves as political beings means that when they are confronted with the conditions as they deteriorate around them, the changing conditions. the reduced circumstances that throw into uh uh uh disarray sort of the the hedonic bargain we've struck with the world and make us reassess our priorities say you're uh being hyper exploited at work or as a tenant in a building and if you have a political consciousness that is that is to say politics forms a visceral part of your identity. that you've been encountering in the culture, that you can apply it, but nothing said there is going to provide any basis for change, it's just a it's it's a star in the firmament that we're all absorbing as we move through our lives, and so they wrote a whole article just to preserve in their mind the propriety of caring about... preferences to mean something, even though we are at the end, the last stage of American democracy, i mean obviously it's gone, but it's been gone for a while, but like even our ability to maintain basic faith in its existence, half the population already doesn't think election, the last election was real, so when the republican wins next time with another minority of the vote, it's going to be a universal sensation, and that's going to create its own crises that are going to ripple out through time, and it's going to be accelerated by the the the collapse of the increased reduced reduction of conditions, and so in this... moment caring about podcasts to the degree that you're writing a goddamn article in the New Yorker preferring one to the other because one of them is more polite and it's more congedial, it's more aesthetically preferable to you, it is more aesthetically uh preferable to you, and that's is a contribution to the the the uh, the political culture that is on its face uh bad, just without even getting into the motivation, but it's it's the drawing room antics of Versailles were a bunch of board aristocrats who'd had their power taken from them, by Louis the 14th had been gelded, had to just run around versay of giving each other uh uh mental uh that's doing mind combat with each other uh for for favor within the court as like a as as as a distraction. so i i do like to remind myself that it's no use getting mad at any of this stuff because hey it's all it's all just gris for a mill it's all griss for a dynamic that is built into the system at this point we're all stuck in one way or the other because we can't really opt out our identities are too enshrined and it's we're only going to get knocked out of these things one by one as our relationship to the world changes that there's not going to be any... uh mass organization through media that's going to turn the turn the uh page because everybody is still operating as little hedonic uh tard grades just throshing towards uh some sort of satisfaction of pleasures. but this is the guilty bourgeois trying to uh trying to have a bridge party uh while while the streets are running red with blood trying trying to tune out the sound and once again not anyone's fault within this buse i'm doing it too we're all making compromises at some point for pleasure because we see no point in acting that would be anything other than self-an i because there is no hope, that's because this is through the veil of of this uh, this mediosphere where we're just communicating to each other. through this screen of alienation that that confounds any attempt to build anything outside of it that has any real size or or uh coherence and it's because so much of it is in the language of culture war that is dominated and created by the media itself and that this is just a subset of and that it has to refer to. that's the main problem is that the things that defines this political current. the left political current can only define itself and the terms within it through the lens of the liberal, conservative culture war, because those are the only issues that get reinforced culturally, that aren't just being referenced in the goddamn uh internet tube, things like elections and television shows and politicians who say things, those people are all outside of the left uh twitter uh culture creation network, they have to feed off of... something else, because they cannot generate any actual initiative, you're only reacting to the real contes between the political parties, so that means that they're all they have to sort along these access related to these culture wars, because those are the only reinforcing things, and so as much as we have invested time in it, and energy and passion, we have made our lives better, and this is very crucial, made all of us, i think contributed participated in one way or the other, better equipped to handle the moment we're in, not by their posts or their consumer choices, but by the more pressing issues of how do i get through this, and and their engagement with this stuff is going to give them a lens to act that is superior to other things you could be listening to and forcing yourself with all day, highly preferable to to uh giving your brain over to one of the political parties that is a dracula machine, giving yourself up to the the the the ultraliberal puritan nialism of uh of of of violence for its own sake or uh the absolutely puril infant fantasy of racial superiority. if you're marinating in that stuff and the world changes around you, your encounter with it is going to be filtered through what you've been marinating in, and i'd say the stuff that we've been brewing up is better to marinate your brain in than other stuff, that's all i can say though, i cannot say that we're we have any definite, we have any real uh pow power in any sense, we sure shit did not prevent Liz Warren from uh uh endorsing Bernie and even if she had that still wouldn't have changed the outcome. like we all have to live and and and like i said mature uh the reason everything is everyone is freaking out no matter where they are in this thing from from bezos on down the reason everyone's freaking out. in some way or another acting out, like I'm not saying everyone at all times, I'm saying, in the main, most people, in most positions, throughout most cultures are freaking out, and it is because wherever we wherever the the totalizing touch of of capitalism is really dissolved social uh identities and replace them with the homo economicas. We are uh, we are motivated by our desire to consume in the market as an expression, not just of pleasure, and this is the important part, we're all wanting to the idea, the the the quest for id, the quest, there's two kind of axis of of of of motivation, there's Apollonian dician, you know, we're getting into the niche stuff, but uh, like we all want some degree of actual sensual comfort, but then we also want to feel like we are in control of our surroundings, which is part of pleasure because it reduces our sense of anxiety and fear, because that is related to uncertainty, and what capitalism has done is that it has and an identity, stabilizing the world and therefore mastering it, can now only be channed into consumption, because all that one of the things that that struggle, that struggle is the real conflict, it's class conflict working itself out throughout all social strata, that is that friction that's being generated, and it has to be resolved in one way or another, unless it can be consumed away, and like the pressure gets vented off into... most people choosing to indulge over destroy, that's not anyone's fault, it's not, it's about like degrees of sensitivity of of like of like emotional and and sensual sensitivity that are built by happen stance, they're not created by anyone's will, you end up on a bell curve of decency and it's related to, it has nothing to do with anything you did, and over time most people in most positions will choose to indulge, and we have now created a situation where the entire global, economy is fixed around a swaasing conflict through consumption, well that's only useful, that's only workable if you have infinite growth, we cannot have infinite growth on infinite planet, and we are hitting finally the the... but our social order still necessitates venting off a conflict into consumption because our actual ability to control the world around us is gone in that we have given it over to capitalism, we have given up the way the rains of our sense of assertive identity, like we do we uh We all have to feel like we have some will to power and it's been totally uh neutered and that's nobody once again no one's fault class conflict emerged the working class lost and we have all live we are all living in the bakwash of that none of us were there when it happened and we're just trying to deal with it now. and so that means though that because we're all just pushed in the consumer direction by crisis and by anxiety because we can't imagine using our political uh our will our will physically like to actually change the world we have to consume because "if we were to uh, if we were to actually take power or try to take power in our hands, it would involve violence, it would involve a breaking of the fake piece of capitalism, which was uh, which was put over the the whole globe after World War II, and said that said, we are subsuming conflict into into a political battle over resources, in order to maintain the the conditions of the game and maintain the actual biome, but once that..." was won by capital, there was no more resistance to it, and it overload overtook the entire world, and now as the ability to continue to offer consumption as as an alternative to action goes away, people start uh doing action, people start acting, and that means acting violently, and now that violence is is is undermining our... the non-existent social fabric we already have and is being met in response by the creation of this techno uh industrial military panopticon surveillance hell state that we're all going to be living that we're all already living in that exists to keep us from expressing ourselves from expressing a will to any kind of control of our lives. but that alienation is already hitting culture and is only going to hit it worse and I think that the candy is going to stop tasting good enough to keep you cook to it and uh and things are going to start shifting and that's scary because we can only imagine any change being bad and part of that is because we can't imagine if is a world where people are eating the bugs and living in the pods. and it is not worse than this, in fact it is better and it is salvation, it is if the buds and the podds are what a socialized instrument of um government representing a truly democratic will choses to do to meet the real uh crisis created by capitalist over. consumption and the I won't eat the pods, I won't eat the bugs thing is comes from a fact that people have no faith that anyone giving the bugs and pods could be anything other than an agent of goldman sacks and of course because we can't imagine an alternative, but honestly one of the things holding us back is that even people who uh aren't you know culturally. about those issues and about masculinity, the way that those people are, and that want fully luxury, automated space communism, are like, no, actually, don't tell people that, because the future is going to be like now, only there's going to be robot butlers, it's going to be like the jetsons, but everybody, it essentially says, the consumer-based identity of a late 20th century American subject, we should universalize that through technology, but you cannot do that. you would have to squeeze the the poor end of the human race into a pulp to do that, and at the end of it you would just created the fucking decadent monstrous elite of Zardos who would destroy themselves from neurosis from within as their pleasure wep uh went away with them with time. It's just that when we imagine the future, we imagine no matter what the regime is, no matter what the uh, what the powers that be are, that it will be good or bad to the degree that it allows me to continue being me as I understand myself, but that conception, that identity is a consumer artifact that through struggle. would be broken down by definition, because none of this could be imposed at this point, capitalism is run out of runway, there is no more deals to be strucked, there are only conditions to be imposed at the barrel of a gun, because there is no organized resistance. the deal with the cheap the cheap food, the cheap fucking uh consumer goods, the the the uh, the idle time, the inefficiency allowed in the heart of the system is going to be squeezed out, one way or the other, is it going to be squeezed out by people negotiating us away from planetary suicide or by the uh, the reptile-brained monsters who want to imagine themselves as like uh eternal god emperors in space as they gallop us to extinguishment following a a a fantasy into anniholation, the fucking crimson king jibbering and jabbering in the in the dark tower. It's because they view the bugs and the pod uh and and the soil it and they view all that stuff through the lens of their consumer identity, well if I ate that stuff, I would be uh, I would be uh cucked. we're fetishizing an identity that is composed most almost entirely of our of our coping mechanisms to deal with living under capitalism and that would be fundamentally different and differently arranged and under socialism or under even the pursuit of socialism, the earnest pursuit of socialism, we need all of these comforts and we grasp them so tightly because we can only imagine losing them, we can't imagine gaining anything by exchanging them. because we have no faith in a project, and that's because our only encounter with the project is through this gauze of a media a anxiety, which is the winners, the people who are going to be the last to anything meaningful, the people who are most enchanted by this thing, because they're able to spend time. away from truly physically painful and alienating labor, they are able to pursue some sort of vision of a life of the mind, either through grad school or an attempt a media career or even just going on twitter and having a uh having opinions on things and and and being a consumer of culture, and then investing those symbols with real emotional energy and emotion and investing the spectrum. of it with real power because we have the time to do it, and other people, this is the more, this is the most important part, other people near us and around us do it also, it's why they get pulled like magnets to the cities to work in uh, to work in the knowledge economy. those are the people whose family has been kept in the golden egg of post-war prosperity long enough to allow regular people access to the same heights of education uh and sophistication that had previously been reserved for aristocrats. we really we did create a democratized uh America in that we democratize the bourgeois experience. which means people who are not going to encounter too much trauma in their lives such that they fall out of some sort of arms length of comfort, like even if they're working a tough job in the city and they are laid on rent a lot, they know they could call their parents if they had to, even if their parents aren't rich, if you've got a piece of that middle class prosperity, say a house in the suburbs, equity, the family's been sitting on, you're within arms reach. allows you and the fact that you probably had a dirty decent education and access to the the more of uh school and the more of college more so even than learn anything so that you could be accepted there and learn the rules there and then go out in the world and even if you're poor even if you're poor broke and working shitty jobs you still have your hand in the fucking thing you you might be uh precarious completely, but by having your finger in the pie of online uh politics filtered through activism and voting and and cultural consumption, then you could progress, maybe we build uh socialism and they do something about these student loans, maybe Bernie gets in there and I don't have to pay for fucking medical insurance anymore, because I can't, I'm not still on my parents plan like everybody who has a podcast. and those people are going to always including myself, given any any increase in crisis, any any question of what to do in the moment, are going to defer to something that concretizes the possibility of politics, that says, we can vote, we can demonstrate, we can organize, we can do something other than put our bodies in the gears of the machine. because it has an effect, but we can only believe in that because the system has shown itself to have some rationality to it that could benefit us in our lives, buse our parents probably had a house, like i said, you know someone in your life to college and got a good job and lived a middle class life, somebody who got to do unalienated work or less alienated work, didn't have to work dangerously or fear lack of... security because they couldn't find work wasn't as precarious, and so you carry that belief with you going through life, and it's not going to be disavowed just by events happening, because your stomach is still full, and so as politics continues to not work, the need for politics to be more barocally intense in its emotional satisfaction becomes greater, and that's why we see now all of politics being consumed by culture and vice versa, because these are people, including myself, at the end of our rope, needing something to mean something. that allows us to not take the next step, and we can only hope that opportunities arise that are outside of that matrix of, hey, here's what we care about this week, these are the questions that matter right now, these are the vectors of meaning in these political contests, this is what matters. while this bullshit's going on, other things are happening, and if those things interact with the other things, that fasad will shatter, that is, that is the hope of an, that I think is the marxist uh dream, or rather it is, there is a spirituality, I think suggested by marxism that is often ignored, and I think it boils down to the belief that if you did present a or... coherent countercultural challenge to the dead uh political contest of an exhausted bourgeois, which is where we are, a historically exhausted bourgeois, residing over a collapse, that that would shatter, whether we have the conditions for one to emerge here and now with the humans we have is a separate question, and one that I am. fully agnostic on, but I have to be, because the same way you have to assume free will, you have to assume that you live in the world where that's possible, because the other choice is nialism, which is what's so funny about people who say that we're nialistic now after burning lost. I fundamentally put it to you, that anyone who says that there is meaning, value in the question. of what podcast people listen to, the strategies of consumption around a political media is the most blackmail person on earth because they have accepted that they are going down with the ship drawing on their spirograph, they're going to encounter oblivion having learned nothing, they will have failed to meet the challenge of maturing through uh undo. attachments to things and the reason and to get back to a point I was trying to get to earlier, the reason that this is is because the process of maturing is a person is a process of letting go, it is, as you come into self-consciousness, you create an identity that becomes fixed, it is illusory, but you require. it to move through the world, and that process is a creation of assessing threats and hazards to one's existential life, but then eventually reading, reaching equilibrium with the world around you, to the point that you begin to realize as your stabilization with your environment, comes as your adulthood flourishes that you are not really alone. that your life really isn't the only thing that matters, that there are other things beyond you that have meaning, and so therefore you don't have to hold on to life as much as you did before. now this is an ideal conditions where you haven't been fighting for your life from the time you're a little kid, and that's a thing that damages maturity, but on the other end to be brought into uh the anxious bosom of consumer base. um identity among the bourgeois is also uh to be fucking traumatized away from that recognition because you are kept in a state of childhood that that sense of precarity where the only pleasure can the only meaning the only meaning can be derived from consumption where the where you cannot confront your powerless your you are not you don't get to reach the limit of your personal power, that's what happens is that maturity, part of maturity is coming to the limits of your ability to assert individual reality, you hit a bump, you hit a border, and once you hit that border, you have to come to terms with it, if you want to keep living, and that means giving up some, that's the other end of it, part of it is is coming to see other things as meaningful, but it's also to seeing other things as different. and as able to impose upon you and to prevent you from just asserting whatever and getting whatever you want, and if you are brought up in the... of the civilized war America, post war America, there's you never hit a limit. Donald Trump is of course the er example of this, someone who never faced an obstacle in his life and therefore never gained any limits to hisself. We are all on some continuum with Trump having had that experience, and what that means is once you get adulthood, you just keep taking buse you haven't hit a limit. you you you you have not hit a limit of your your ability to assert your identity and so even if you might be constrained uh financially in a way that Trump isn't you aren't constrained mentally and you can consume like Trump but it a lower level which giving you the same satisfaction and you can miss and you can uh compensate for your felt lack of power in your life with consumer indulgence and you can keep doing that. that, but it requires you to deny the reality of others, because it's hurt, it's hurtful of others and it's exploitative and you are aware of it, and that awareness fuels anxiety and guilt, and you have to deny the meaning of anything outside yourself, to keep that feeling good, and that is to maintain the sense of childish selfishness through out of all of life, and so we are at the end state of capitalism, and everybody is having a temper chantrum. because nobody has actually matured, all babies one way or another, traumatized into, traumatized by uh, either uh, indulgence or punishment at an early age. and people expressing their powerlessness the way they can, and the thing is is that in order to express your powerlessness, you really need money, some money, so you get the suburbs, you get this the middle class consumption uh habits that become fixed. but then at the lower end of the spectrum where people are poorer, people try to get money and generally in a way that is illegal because it's the only real way to access capital, because it's it's because the process in america was one of and has always been one of cutting people off from an from a market and then letting it die off. and so that expression of powerlessness becomes comes through violence, at least some sort of conflict with the state, that the wealthier powerless, powerless person doesn't have to resort to, because they have access to more money and are more economically stable, and politics is now the temper tentrum of of all of these babies, once again, and this is why it's impossible to engage in these questions through the lens of the online argument because it's just a moralizing moralized argument that is totally beside the point cuz you're trying to just describe something and all implicating then there's no point assigning blame to anybody, there is you just have to move, you have to go through it, you have to assume it and then work from that assumption, but we continually go into chest beating, and we continue to argue the point, because we have to renounce our association with something that we find morally important, the idea that we're immature, sorry, it's just a fact, we only have to ourselves the responsibility to act differently, to let go, to let go to the ego associations that we have with our spectacle, to let go honestly of our expectation of living alone. time, expectation of living a long time comfortably, expectation of the world being better than it is now in the future, but that letting those things go contributes to an ability to live more in harmony with the world around you, because letting that go means letting go the urge to do all the indulgence, nialistic shit that makes things worse. It's being caught in the in the in the storops that gets everybody crazy to consume, it's being, it's having your leg in the bear trap. "if you have let go of the need for every moment to be pleasurable in a certain way, well then fuck, you can maybe act politically stripped of the need for your politics to feel good in in an immediate way, stripped of the ability of the need for it to be uh paid labor basically, just stript of the thing that prevents people from working, as I have said for free." because working for free is the key to building socialism, and when i say free, i don't just mean paid money with money, i mean emotionally, the concept of emotional uh labor is real, but the attempt to put a fucking price on it is the end state of neoliberal hell, it is emotional labor that is the only thing that could defeat capitalism, because emotional labor is what gets you to do something for free. the question is, what is the desire? what is the emotion that's being served? the emotion that's being served is building connections that allow you to let go, building connections that allow you to offload the neurotic self-refication that a critical end-state narcissist suffers, a child faced with mortality suffers. Detachment is cope, correct, life is cope, the fact that Cope is now the enemy really does prove that we have totally assimilated the fucking the death drive, we've eaten the poisoned fucking lotus. you said no, you don't cope, you thinking that you're gonna do politics, thinking you're gonna post your way to anything isn't cope, thinking that your memes can have meaning, isn't fucking cope? That's why of course being based is the most cringe thing possible because it assumes that there is some authentic you whose expression is the uh is the consecrated end point of western civilization. That's what being based is, based is saying, yeah, you know, uh, my dumb ass, that's why this thing exists, that's why the human race pulled itself into uh, into existence, so that I can do what I want to do, whatever I want to do, whatever I want to do, whatever I want to do, okay, cool, what do you want to do, oh wow, looks awesome, we're doing a great job. Everybody is operating off that principle, you fucking dumb ass, all the goddamn social justice warriors are doing it too, they're just doing it through pervy sublimimation. Yeah, everybody, everybody is is just doing that, everybody is doing that and look what it is, it sucks, it sucks so bad that you're only, the only future that you really imagine, and I think this is the actual, when you say like these people don't believe in a future, I think they do, we all have to, we all do to some extent, it's just a question of our emotional uh relationship to that. like what we what it means to us when we imagine it uh and i think the best case scenario, the optimistic scenario for for uh the politically engaged at the level of culture uh is some version of seeing their enemy annihilated before them, before them, and the only question, the distinction is what that enemy is, and i would say that for the uh, for the liberal side of it, it is the self, they want to annihilate themselves because of their lothing of themselves, because they are. based at the end of the day on the principles of calvinism and puritaniism, because they are trapped in a prison of of individualism that does not allow them connection to the outside world, god, anything, they are frozen from connection, but they do believe that the other exists, and they'... do believe that it is holy, so they are failing it. so liberal project is is continuing capitalism, but taking alienating away from the people who make up liberalism, peace by peace to destroy, whiteness, maleness, all that stuff, patriarchy, of course it's all. just uh symbolic and ritualized buse they they don't really uh buse their politics is completely symbolic and ritualized, but bad things are going to happen to people in those categories as capitalism accelerates and their project is paying attention to those bad things and being and rooting for them, and then the conservatives are those who believe that they are, that are as isolated as as the puritan. believe that they are everything, but believe that everything else is nothing, that they are all, that they are God, now of course the gods in rotting human bodies, so that creates a shreaking cognitive dissonance that has to be dealt with every moment of their lives, and it means hating the other, it means blaming all of this on the other and then trying to punish them because of the cultural coherence of conservativism and it's able it's the ability of it to manipulate the constitutional framework that that was left behind after the civil war. they are able to actually do it a lot, they're actually able to direct the fire hose towards the other, but the water is pooling around their ankles too, and their project is watching it happen first. to the other, and that is the punitive satism that fuels the actual political uh contest, that that the left is only responding to on its terms and cannot provide a a genuine uh, uh, a genuine resistance to. because it's premised on the the social divisions, the consumer-based social divisions of the greater conflict between the parties, the synthetic humanity will emerge from struggle, like conservativism emerged after the cold war, or during the cold war. and it has now taken over the republican party uh is one that in the aftermath of the war saw the necessity like the democrats like the liberals like wall street with confronting communism and destroying it, but the Soviets were giving terms, good terms for capital that would in the law and so the managers of capital made a deal, permanent war economy eventually incircle and eventually overcome the soviets, a good deal, but to do that certain things had to happen, the US had to take over a global capitalist order, replacing whatever national bc structure had before the war, which has already been changed uh been permanently altered by our intervention of world war one as cap as the creditors to the uh, the creditors to the allies, which pulled power towards the United States, but it also had to extend power outwards, it had to do the marcial plan, it had to prevent Mcarther from going to nuclear war with China, it had to let China go communist in the first place, it had to make a deal that gave up the iron curtain and later it needed to get rid of racial if this is the cost of containing communis in the long run, then we should fight a war now to preserve this thing. before it is dissolved, now the thing that they are thinking is being dissolving it is communism, right? because they believe communism and capitalism are the same thing at the end of the day, it's a usually Jewish conspiracy, that's the end point of all capitalist critique, or all right-wing critique of capital, it has to be, there has to be conspiracy at the middle, uniting capital and communism. and therefore that whatever those capitalists are building is gonna squash them, it's going to be some uh wall street, moscow, bolshevic capitalism, which is now thought of is woke capitalism, and to stop it, they want to go to war. war of course would have annihilated the earth, at any point in the cold war. except in its very early stages, the United States had continued to fight, or had initiated a fight, it would have been catastrophically violent to capitalism, but it also would not have preserved anything that those uh, stupid national capitalists thought they were doing because it would have annihilated everything. and now that that republican party which was moving its way through the machinery all the way, ragan took power in 80, but the thing is is at that point there was still enough institutional control by uh by Wall Street, by big capital within the party structure, within the people who run for office within the American bourgeois generally that the leaders of the party by the time they got to uh that the leaders of even the conservative movement, once they got to power, they largely played ball, they did not escalate with the Soviet Union, in fact they negotiated arms control, and the conservatives felt that they got stapped in the back when that happened, like Regan had gained a lot of his national head of steam running into 1980 on a campaign of resisting the... that gave up American sovereignty over the canal, in 1999 or whatever, he got in the power, he didn't do anything about the Panama fucking canal, he revolution, he neoliberalized the economy, but he was just continuing what Carter did, and what Clinton did later, he was doing what was to be done, and he was heading off the suicidal imperative of American, fixed capital, but now 40 years later, they've worked their way through the system, they they have the entire thing, conditions are drastically worse in all ways, precarity is felt everywhere throughout all of the social order, including at the top of even the American uh, like upper bourgeois, they feel that whatever capitalism is, it is now going to destroy them, suck them anymore, a lot of them at the middle level are probably right, their kids are going to get squashed, the kids are going to get squashed, they're going to be proletarianized, and so they want to fight before that happens, but the war they want to fight is the suicidal war of the bourgeois, it is the suicidal annihilation of the bourgeois on its own terms, the death drive of the bourgeois, and anybody on the left, oh we're going to follow this current in order to resist capitalism, it's only along for the ride, because the working class is totally not is, is is totally? absent from this picture, because it is not composed. think of the role that the nuclear bomb had in persaving capitalism. at every point technology has stood in, because at a certain point technology. and capitalism became inextricably linked, it is now capitalism, it is now technology more even than the capitalist relations that it fosters that actually asserts capitalism's uh prerogative, it was the bomb that kept the cold war cold, but of course this technology assumes the open system. that assumes that within it are answers to all of its crisis that oh, we're warming up this, we'll just in bring this into the uh equation, but it's it's breaking down because it is only serving uh profit, it is, it is rerouting all energy to one sector, it is sending us all towards the platonic crispy chicken sandwich at the expent of every other at the... expense of every other structure of human order that allows capitalist uh interaction, market interaction to persist, it's us versus the machine now, we have to redefine us, we have to refind us and we can't find us by letting go a little bit of confronting the real sober reality around us and letting go of our own staking it a little bit so we can act virtuously that is out of a felt communion that is outside of of the pleasure principle or the pleasure denial principle that otherwise uh defines our actions. Yeah, like that's a perfect example, we have the solar power now that we could that we could make free energy, but that means solar cannot be adopted because that there's no way to price it, there's there's no reason to invest in it, our hope, the hope that... is is whether any shred of this technological infrastructure can be socialized, can we get any of it from within, from the center, from the edges, can we bring together some social coordination of technological ability that can coordinate human action, that can create like a harmonic, reinforcing, tuning of fork effect throughout social organisms. "the thing is is that I am the least qualified person on earth to talk about that because I don't know anything about fucking technology, I am a hostage to it, so once again I reached the edge, I got to bump my nose and say, blockchain, uh, spyware, I don't fucking know, somebody does, hopefully, and maybe they can get their shit together, no, I'm not a lot, because this stuff is all has to be socialized." It cannot be destroyed, then we're back to not, if not square one, we're back a lot of spaces and with way worse conditions to uh, way less um forgiving conditions than humans had before, although we all came from 5,00 people emerging from the bottleneck of a of a mass extinction, maybe the people who come out of that bottle neck, no matter what? All right, hope some of that made sense, catch everybody on the flippy flop, oh right, uh, Black Jacobs may be either tomorrow or Wednesday.