 It's time folks, it's time, it's time for the kush bomb hour, cush bomb hour, i was born to do AM radio, man, i really could do this shit all day, never had the chance partially because obviously my kind of politics are not. aloud on the radio because I'm too fucking real, but uh, I certainly do enjoy just talking my ass off uh extemporaneously for a long time. It's a lot of fun, it's soothing. Uh, how are you guys doing? How's the guys doing out there? Uh, just last time uh somebody asked me at the end about everyone like. boycotting the election and i thought about it and as much as i like it, i don't see any way to make that work like make it a thing without it just becoming a meme and uh oh boy not really high on memes right now, but i certainly don't poo anybody who wants to do anything right now because who am i to say it's not the right move because god damn it nothing feels right right about now uh everything feels very questionable. so how you guys doing out there in in the lands with the peoples? how are you guys out how are you? what are you guys up to? uh, joe biden, not talking about joe byden tonight guys, remember that's a yp and it doesn't have to be your problem, leave it to Nera. Nera's problem is getting that fucker elected, you don't have to do any. anything about it, one way or the other, we just have to survive, and that's going to become a more and more pointed question as shit gets worse and worse, i mean we saw the collapse of the petro dollar today, didn't expect to see that, just monene, oil literally worthless, you would have to pay someone to take oil off of your hands, white gold texas t is now no better than uh from fucking overproduced beanie babies so you got to like pay to store, can you think of can you believe that? i don't know what nick has been saying about covid, but uh, i'm assuming he's saying it's not real, which i think the thing people really need to process is you don't know, and more importantly what difference would it make if you was true, like what if you found out tomorrow, what if what if you found out confirmation tomorrow? yeah, it's all made up, it's all. a conspiracy to get you, i i don't know what the hell the point of this is supposed to be, why you would destroy, i guess to consolidate capital or like institute a uh uh police state that they already had already basically fixed, that's that's the thing i don't get, it's like we they don't need an excuse to do to do uh police state shit, they do police state shit anyway, people just to see to anything because the ones who are most likely to get the ones that are most paying attention already have guns. and they feel mollified by having guns, so what difference does it make? they still run your shit and tell you what to do, and we don't have any mechanism to stop them, so how about we talk about that? how about we talk about the powerlessness? it seems to be more vital uh vital point right now than whether or not it's happened since there's no way to know and you're just guessing, but i don't know what he's saying, like i said, i haven't been. thing, i don't know what anyone's saying, all i know is oil is now free, so go grab all the oil you want, if you've ever wanted some oil, go get some, i would love to get some oil with you guys, just go go to town on a big big old batch of oil, they can give us money for the oil and then we just put the oil in, i don't know like maybe a uh a big bathtub, uh swimming pool, how we put the put it in the swimming? cool, yeah, so I don't know what this means, uh, never really been very knowledgeable about all like that petro petrol economy shit, like the deep structural money stuff uh oil stuff, uh, i certainly don't think this is what anyone wants, so if it keeps some fucking shale oil in the ground, that's good, but cheap oil does have a bad impact on uh renewables because It makes dirty uh energy the cheapest option, and uh, with the economy collapsing as it is, cheapest option is gonna look pretty good, so who knows how long this lasts. the the the contracts for June are are are decent, I mean it's still very low, but it's not, it's not nothing, so there's some sort of assumption going on in some levels of the market that things are going to get back to normal, and basically they want to like hold on to uh the the glut of oil through May so they can sell it later, I don't know, and so they're basically paying people the way you would pay uh, yeah. like somebody who had a uh uh uh uh a uh one of those places that uh store shit storage locker uh for the after mentioned beani babies but it is so funny i mean i remember being a kid and thinking about peak oil was where the apocalypse was going to come that like we're running out of oil and there's going to be this bad scramble for it siriana it's running out and most what's left is in the middle east, a great movie, but in retrospect, hilarious, if you'd asked me in 2002 when i was a kid and i was getting into this shit, hey what do you think uh, what do you think oil is going to cost in 2020? i would have said 50s a gallon, i don't know, it's like some new horrible world where like the majority of cost is is is is uh oil and everything else is you know people are living in trailers, i don't know. $20 a gallon, 10, it would i would have assumed it was more expensive, that's for fucking sure, i sure shit would have assumed it was cheaper than it would have been even in real dollars at that time. uh, why did it happen? uh, another thing i not that that knowledgeable about, i know that uh Russia and uh Saudi Arabia have been in a pissing contest, the kind of thing that OPEC is actually designed to stop uh, but this is geopolitical. uh and these guys really want to go into down on each other and saudis are basically one of the things that cost the big drop last month is the saudis refused to cut production even with the glut because they want to fuck with Russia which is a huge oil exporter and which needs oil to have a certain value but the thing is Saudi Arabia it's not like they have anything else going on they need to be able to sell oil too so I would expect at this point that's going to force the hands and there's going to be a huge cutback in production. I mean my and they're they're stopped they're stopped to the oil patch uh I hope would be that they would just you know like they're talking the fucking Kenny is talking about some bailout package for Canadian oil companies and it's like yeah there are a lot of employers and there's an economy in the western Canada that is based on oil but how about you just pay people to not fucking drill it right now the way that you pay uh uh um farmers not to grow certain crops but not obviously for the executives, they can fuck off, for the workers and stuff, like a workers bailout, and then you just take that money and you don't create in uh world, ending uh fossil fuels that now don't even make money, but who knows, I don't know, I don't know, is this the end of the petro dollar? If it is. is then man, the US military really is our last thing, it's like everything else is basically uh uh uh like uh the shit they sell in the front of the bodega that's really all about like uh dealing weed like that's just some dusty uh cold cuts the real shits behind the counter in the form of uh you know a world spanning military empire with more uh uh more money and uh equipment than the next 12 countries combined. I've heard that uh Kim Jong Un is apparently in critical health who's to know if that's true or not could be propaganda uh big ups to the boy one way or the other the big large boy who is a big who is a big boy that we all love um people keep asking about uh the 90s like paranoia episode I talked a little bit about that the conspiracy theories episode I did but uh it might be fun to delve in it more specifically I don't know I've got a number of things I've got a number of solo shows coming up hopefully in the next month or so but I'll put that one on the pile. ideas, yeah, i mean like the oil dollar is the undercurrent of like that's why we get to do what we want really, that's why we get to uh do all the uh deficit spending in the world is because everybody's buying the thing that keeps the lights off in our uh money uh but the thing is it's still going to take the lights on right now no matter how much it cost. So who knows? Who knows? Yeah, I was thinking of doing a reading from that Uptin Clair book, since I'm researching the uh an episode about Epic and the 34 campaign and he wrote the book about oil that ended up coming uh, there would be blood, but I mean this is a good time for us to just like nationalize the entire energy sector, I mean this this is really kind of fresh. man, like we're in a situation where this shit could all be had for pennies on the dollar and we could just nationalize it, but there's nobody in the room making these decisions as a human being, they're all lizards, they're lizards, okay folks, they're fucking lizard people, the only people in those rooms are goblins, all they care about is maintating profit and being putting goblin moment touching goblins. kissing goblins in bad with the goblin, that's it, that's the only people in the room, in bed with a goblin, i don't, i'm still looking for something, yep, i love those guys protesting because like if people don't want to go out you can't make them you know. That's just like there's only so much you can do against uh hegemonic media like as much as people don't trust the media they still believe in general what they get told and they think there's a virus out there they're not going to go out and hang out they're not gonna come and hang out uh and uh What was I saying? I can't remember. Will. Biden uh, have have you heard of the mortal error theory of the Kennedy assassination? uh, in which he got shot in the head by the AR15 of a hungover secret service agent in the seat behind, in the car behind Kennedy uh, which some people claim fits the uh, the scenario fits the forensics better than any of the other ones, either the solo shooter or the grassy noll shit, uh, and you know what, in combination with the don delillo. sort of like false flag shooting uh theory, that kind of works, doesn't it? like if the whole thing was faked, if it was an attempted assassination to make Kennedy like take the cuban threat more seriously and double down on uh on like z rifle and mangus or do another invasion by like setting up this uh kennet this castro kid, this castro fan kid as as the patsi uh and there they like oh it works except one guy stood up and dumb assidly had his finger on the trigger and fucking put a bullet in the president's head and blew the entire fucking situation. I mean it's uh, it would certainly be as someone said the coin brothers uh solution uh, and there's something to not ever wanting to rule out the most absurd outcome, because I mean at the end of the day, Kennedy, I just don't buy him, as I've often said as the danger that these guys thought would have had to have thought he was to authorize an assassination, and uh, but I do think that like there were a lot of very sinister actors intersecting there in 19 early 60s in such a way that it seems kind of unrealistic to think that they weren't involved somehow, especially considering all the weird shit surrounding the assassination itself, so I think the the way to resolve that in my mind is, you know, no, they don't think this guy is going to dismantle uh, the cold war and like turn, you know, create a air of universal brotherhood that's going to sink defense stocks. they're like this fucking dumb ass doesn't get what we're deal dealing with here, maybe maybe show him, maybe have some guy, some kid who loves castro, uh, um, put a bullet next to your ear, i don't know, like i said, i'm agnostic on a lot of that stuff because i don't know, and there's no way to know, so i kind of just pick whichever one is more artistically and intellectually satisfying, uh, like for example, i know a lot of people, were very into the paddock conspiracy uh, like our friends on truan on, which I respect very much are very much, they know a lot of stuff about uh Paddick and his weird life and uh the odd things that... happened on that day and uh and then the fact that the matter that you have this like millionaire uh real estate guy in his 60s who just decides to shoot everyone on earth and there's questions of like whether he could have gotten all those shots off with the guns he had and you know when he killed himself and there's stuff about timeline and there's the saudi royal family of course and there's the fact that paddock was claiming that he was being controlled and that his mind was not his own but the fact is any version that's a conspiracy is something that fits into some like greater scheme puzzle in a way that uh uh that is pretty cut and dry like oh you know it's like either part of a uh the whole thing to get people to to do gun control although that none of them have worked so it seems like a waste of time to do uh gun control uh false flag since nobody is moving on any subject no matter what on guns seems like you're wasting time um or it's something with like the Saudis and there was like a gun deal that went wrong, I don't know why you'd have to shoot everybody, whatever it is, to my mind, none of that is as interesting, none of those explanations are as interesting as the official story, a wealthy uh uh western boyned a like a uh turned life as like a middle class driver into millions through uh 90s uh real speculation in Vegas, which is a common thing, I mean that was the gold rush, um, after they started rebuilding those casinos like uh fucking excalibur and shit, um, uh, and then he just becomes this rich, totally basadded dude, like this guy, he's got millions of dollars and it's just boring, he can get sushi comped, he's got like huge, he's got the girls un speed d for any number of uh high high end call girls uh he he has he could do whatever he wants and it's just it means nothing and then it just like how every one of his pursuits and all of his life is like witdling him down to this like just raw nerve of narcissism like this one individual view and it just took and that money and especially in Vegas every other person becomes someone who is abstracted away from humanity because you're only relation with them relation with them is transactional, you only have transactional relationships, uh, and pretty soon people just turn into you, uh, numbers on the fucking slot machine, just can i get the biggest number, you know, like hitting the jackpot, like can i shoot like oh that that gay muslim guy killed 50 people, could i hit more, can i get the top score of all time, can i ring get all the bells ringing in all the casinos and can i get all the fucking one arm band shooting out all the fucking uh uh coins and then just doing it, just doing it as like just a vulgar almost ritualistic uh a ritualistic confirmation and like consecration of one's solipsism of like the the idea that they are the you're the only person on earth, which is what capitalism and and American capitalism and and American culture teaches that you are the only conscious. that matters that you are an individual monad and the end result of that is Stephen Paddick and I think that's way more interesting than any conspiracy theory and I honestly do like I have a long-term ambition to make a movie about the paddock brothers him and the child molesting guy uh and the coke coke head although I'm hearing reports that the child molestation charges which uh Patdock's brother had been fleeing for years before the uh shooting he was arrested like. a month after the shooting and someone said those charges have been tropped, which I did not know, I would need to look more into it, but the panic is really more interesting to me, just if it really happened the way they said, so I just choose to believe it because there's no way I'm going to know one either way, no way to know, he look, the main thing to remember about Stephen Paddick is that he was cool, he could get sushi comped, I'm sorry that not everybody works a taco b, very successful, i know it was a little tall, but to be giamati, but man, i really think Jimati could have done a good job with padock, maybe like some force perspective or something to make him taller, i don't know, he was cool. uh, this is an interesting question, chaco spoken on the connection between the CIA and modern art in the 50s and 60s, I don't think we've ever spoken about it directly on the show, but it is true that a lot of the stuff that we uh, the critical uh stew that like educated American swim in terms of like what is expected to be, quality literature, quality art, like what are the qualities of art that we've? a lot of that was created by uh modern art schools in uh both painting uh and literature that were funded by the CIA with the express purpose of providing focused alternative to the social realism of the of the eastern block which was all about pointing out material conditions and and uh inspiring the masses towards revolution and recognition of their class situation, well they don't want people thinking about their class situation and their art, no, thank you, better to think about like know oh the the the wistful travels and pains of a like impodent ad executive in a suburban connetic uh backyard, you know, small domestic dramas that don't intersect with politics in any meaningful way, uh, and then in art, abstraction, you know, don't show me degradation, don't show me like a diego... vera fucking mural that contrasts the decadence of the rich with the penery and misery of the poor, show me a fucking bunch of uh shit on on a wall, it could be anything, and then you you tell me what it is, so that is true, like uh the iowa writers workshop was CIA funded, partisan review uh, a Paris review a lot of the oregons of like uh middle and higher brow culture were funded by the CIA and uh uh there were funds and grants for artists like Pollick, jackson Pollick uh for the express purpose of uh creating an a political uh uh vocabulary for artistic worth and the thing is we still live with that, we still live with that uh and it really is challenging to sometimes think, do I really value these elements of art because I think that they have there is some objective or even even to me subjective quality do it or am I just bowing to essentially deep state propaganda. created to keep me from thinking critically and keeping me from thinking class in a class conscious way. it's a very good question. uh, now that's why like you can say like what people say, oh, you know, modern art, uh, postmodern, whatever, these things were created by the CIA. see, that's diff, that's a different claim and it's incorrect. uh, these movements existed already, these movements would have existed, these movements were products of the of the... they were products of the material conditions, i mean you're talking about post war America, it's a land of plenty, it's a land of uh of uh of on we, honestly of a culture of is that all there is, because we've reached the top of Maslow's hierarchy, we've reached the top of the pyramid, at least most of us to consume culture in any kind of way in America, the middle class post-ward era, of course we're going to make art that's self-interested and narcissistic and doesn't care about politics of course we're going to make that kind of art, it's just the CIA encouraged intentionally and raised up the profile to places maybe it wouldn't have gotten, so that reached a level of hegemonic understanding as rightness in the academy it might not have got otherwise, so it helped it over the line, but it didn't create it, and of course the same time the CIA was doing that, the CIA was also doing uh operation mocking bird, which was... gaining uh uh literal um influence over America's um America's newspapers America's media direct provision like through blackmail and through bribery uh and subordination to turn reporters into agents of the state putting out CIA propaganda for domestic uh consumption like literal uh manufacturing consent like not even through a propaganda model through just literally writing checks uh and presumably uh doing uh uh blackmail like a lot of the top uh political consultants and stuff back then and and guys uh were black highly blackmailable uh there was a guy i think his name was Drew Pierson who was like the dean of the DC press core who was also gay and was heavily rumored to have been photographed either by the KGB or the CIA or both uh um in granante delecto uh and as a result you know he was basically captured uh by uh intelligence same thing happened with other uh guys and also others they paid and then at the same time is that the... doing MK Ultra, which is, so you've got these pursuits meant to create a mollified public perception, like a a massaged and controlled perception for the public, both aesthetic in the in the in the in the polix in the in the in the modernism stuff, uh, like factual, like uh, like uh, epistemological with the news media, uh, and now. literally psychologically with mk ultra, like they want to control, it was really a full spectrum attempt in the heady post war days to control the human mind in every respect, control what it the the world it encountered uh conceptually and controlled the actual chemical processes going on within it, and the degree to which they were successful is honestly one that we'll never know, buse think of it this way, all right, so we have that yeah, all this stuff happened, but we found out about it the 70s, the church committee and all that uh, and then you know there was some flare ups in the air sense like iron contra and stuff, but for the most part uh the CIA's like power has diminished, they're sort of like the mafia, which is very similar, very fitting since they do the same function as the mafia and they cooperate with the mafia on a lot of stuff, including the Kennedy assassination uh, but like they're on a decline. uh their influence is waining, like now there's just a bunch of schmucks to can't stop 9/11 or predict that the Berlin Wall is going to fall. But isn't that what we would think of it if all those things had been successful? If all those experiments have been successful and they really were able to create some sort of uh uh broadspectrum propaganda model that combines air waves and literal chemical brain conditioning to to. essentially massage the human mind, massage the will of the people towards tractable ends, keep guard rails basically, wouldn't we remember that as being like, oh yeah, and then they just went away, instead of, oh yeah, they took over everything, no, we wouldn't know that, that would defeat the whole purpose, if they needed to do that, if they if they didn't have to do this stuff to our brain, then they would live in a world where they could just be out and say, yeah, we control you, but they can't do that, so have to do, what they would do is they would make us think that they went away while actually controlling everything. i'm not saying that's true, in fact i think it probably isn't, but the disturbing thing for me is it seems like the world we live in and the degree of manipulation that is just carried out in full view of everyone, never changing anything makes me feel like there is some mechanisms that actually worked, some combat. nation of persuasion and uh and uh perception massage massaging and uh and uh chemical rearrangement, i don't know, this is some 420 shit, this is a very 420 uh uh stream, i'm going to put this one on youtube, i'm not going to put all these on youtube, i'm only going to put the ones i think are decent, but yeah uh, this is definitely feeling very 420, i'm feeling very paranoid. I mean the everything is true, like the like the post epstein moment when I was like, yeah, give me every conspiracy, I believe it on uh, just because someone like we live in a world where it's essentially a quantum realm, if something could be imagined, it happened, so if there's a conspiracy then there, it's real, uh, yeah, yeah, man, it's wild shit, it's a wild life we got here. It's a wild wild, and of course I say this is someone has been accused multiple times of being a CIA operative, either knowing or unknowing, I have been accused of taking money of being handled by the CIA, it's part of a propaganda operation, uh, and the funny thing is is that there is evidence to that, at least not about me, is about my coworkers that would be acceptable in certain circumstances if you really are already motivated. to believe it, so it's like how many things do I believe that are just as wrong as other people thinking that I'm in the CIA is, so that makes me think maybe none of it's true, maybe all of us are projecting onto it, because that's the danger of conspiracy thinking is that you have to project into the holes, and if you do that, how much of it is you and how much of it is real, that it's very hard to tell and like quantify that, so I don't know man, I don't anything, everything might be true, not. thing is true or more likely a mixture, but I don't know the percentage, like it's like a is it like a is that like ground beef, like it's like 910, I don't know, is it well marbled, is it a... well and richly marbled reality, i don't know, i don't know guys, i do not know, how do you know i'm not CIA? exactly, you don't, i know i'm not, like i'm deep, unless this, unless that mk ultra shit works even better than they say and like there's hours of the day that are blacked out and i'm actually doing their bidding when i hear uh my uh trigger word, unless that's the case, i'm know i'm not, but nobody else can say that with confidence, that means everyone going as well always going to suspect everyone else. oh boy, that's the other thing, brace is a guy, his biography raises eyebrows, so i see why people have a real belief that he is, but i know he's not, but that doesn't go farther than me, that doesn't convince anybody who's not my life. and so how are we supposed to make sense of this? knowing that, knowing that there are people have perfectly decent reasons to suspect my CIA uh connections, i am not, but that doesn't change the fact that people have to make sense of the world and they have to choose what to believe, and the fact is i really don't know where the hook you can put the hooks, i don't know where you can like, what is load bearing in this? i like to think that my dialectical material. realism is, i really do think that, i mean like, i believe that the dialectic, i really think that that is the wheel of history, like i think that's how it works, at a deep level, like that is the thing i'm confident of, but how, how much am i understanding the actual world, like to what degree am i held haptive to the demierge, the demirge of like the techno society where i'm only getting this like these these these crap. bits of information sent to me, in the overwhelming gizer that I could never be able to sift through for a moment, how are we supposed, I mean regimes of the past, it was difficult to resist them because people didn't weren't able to get enough information even though it was going on, now there's too much information to make sense of any of it, you need a hearistic, and every heuristic is tainted, every heuristic is tainted because where does it come from, it comes from rationality, but there has to be an empirical basis, to be an empirical basis and how can we trust any of our empirical inputs? how can we trust any of our empirial inputs? i know yes, people say pinch on, yes, pinchin would be perfect, but like that is uh, you know what, give give me a minute, i know what i'm going to read, i'll be right back, it'll be a minute. Oh shit, I think the cap got in, hi guys, hello, so uh, What I'm going to read is a section from the very early part of Thomas Pinchen's against the day, which is his book about uh find the cycle America uh, the early modern, the the birth of like the modern America, basically uh, and there is a thing here that is one of the most skillful. uh beautiful uh here it is, it's a description of uh of the Chicago stockyards and it's from the point of view of a crew of like sort of Jules Verney adventurers on a hot on a hot air balloon going to the world's fair colombian exhibition in Chicago. As they came in low over the stockyards, the smell found them, the smell and the uprore of flesh learning its mortality. like the dark conjugate of some daylit fiction that they had flown here, as appeared increasingly likely to help promote. somewhere down there was the white city promised in the Colombian exposition brochures somewhere... among the tall smoke stacks, unceasingly vomiting black grease smoke, the effluvia of bushery unremitting, into which the buildings of the leagues of city lying downwind retreated, like children into sleep, which brighiteth not reprieve from the day, with bringeth not repree from the day. in the stockyards, workers coming off shift overwhelmingly of the Roman faith, able to detach from earth and blood for a few precious seconds, looked up at the airship in wonder, imagining a detachment of not necessarily helpful angels. beneath the rubber-necking chums of chance wield streets and alleyways in a cartesian grid sketched in sepia mile on mile. the great bovinene city of the world breathe Linsey and wonser. indeed, the backs of cattle far outnumbered the tops of human hats. from this height it was as if the chums who as who out on adventure's past, had often witnessed the vast herds of catle a drift and ever change. cloudlike patterns across the western plains, here saw that unshaped freedom being rationalized into movement only in straight lines and at right angles and a progressive reduction of choices until the final turn to the final gate that led to the killing floor. i've always that's always stuck with me. Oh boy, oh no, let's see what else we have here, wow, somebody really wants me to do a ruby ridge wako and nebrated past, uh, What's your favorite twitter moment? uh, I mean, I don't think I have different ones than most people, uh, who didn't love uh, the wife email, one of the best, wife youmel was so funny, angel and strawberry, was really funny, there was also a day when we did a bunch of uh uh, simpson's memes about a tweet from someone where they said sucking dick when my man's plays 2k oh you thought i said my man's dick fo and we did a bunch of simpson's things about that that was really funny ted cruise porn was good oh the take oh the faves you can put your hat in the water and fill up with faves is just anything you reference any reference just blew up people were nuts any you can take any old meme and slap that in there, he give you just a fucking limitless ammo to just john wick through the fucking twitter, beautiful, beautiful, uh, talk to me of cabbages and kings and all that shit, yeah, so do we, is our minds our own a question that has been asked often and i don't think has ever been answered, are our minds our own? I don't know, I mean they aren't in any real sense, but are they, I guess, is there some connective tissue between a self and that social uh uh understanding, or is it severed and replaced by the ideology that has now dominated our brains, there's no way of knowing. just got to throw your hands up in the air and go like the guy, the shruggy gentleman from our favorite things on the internet, emojis, we love emojis, don't we folks? uh, does anybody have a movie recommendation for tonight? like to watch a movie. "I don't know if Kim Shunglin is dead, I don't have his phone number, I can't get him on the beeper, I don't know why you think I would have that information, but that's flattering, I guess to think that you believe me to have connections in the North Korean inner circles, I do not. I am a mur uh fellow traveler with the juche ideal, uh, and I like when if if humans exist and like propagate through the galaxy. and become like a dune dune like empire of of systems and systems and trillions and trillions of people, it will be under an underlying jui ideology, because as far as I could see, and this is true before the uh, before the fucking virus came, that North Korea was well situated to survive more well- intact than other social political polities in the occasion of a genuine crisis caused by global warming. like it's up there, it's in the north, uh, you know, it's not going to get too hot all of a sudden, it's going to be able to sustain a local ecology, uh, and they're also going to have more social cohesion than most of the surrounding places, so what if and they have relatively defensible borders, what if they hold out and create and and become like the only coherent body politic in like the post collapsed world and everything else is you know reverted to um, reverted to you know the fucking pelopanese before the rise of the city states you know like pre-history will have an advantage and the flag of jiche will ride over the world and re re refound civilization along juche ideals and then it is that uh harnesses the atom to its full power and uh carpets the galaxies in a in a human panspermia all with the idea that the kims are a divine uh like god emperor type thing like when it was by the time we gets to space it would essentially be like dune or warhammer where the god emperor would be kims like the the lizard the the the fucking sand uh the sand snake or the sand worm headed uh god emperor uh is is the kim like passed down through all like the same the consciousness passed from every generation starting with kim or kim Il song so that'd be cool, what if that happens, that'd be funny, so get on the right side of juse folks, it might end up being uh the winner in the history books, dune isn't really very good as a book, uh, i find, i only read it recently, and read it as a kid the way the... will and uh Felix had, but it's brutally put badly written, the guy is a bad writer uh, and it's all the only thing that people like about it is it's truly interesting world building, I mean people talk about the the actual shit on dune, but that's really kind of just to rip off of like Lawrence of Arabia, it's just classic orientalism with some space voodo thrown on there, uh, the interesting thing is like the idea of a human of a space human society which thousands of... years ago had seen an ideological rejection of like computers and so you have space travel and shit, but it's all due to the human brain being essentially harnessed for like unnatural uses, that's cool, butlarian jihad, that's cool, the spice malange, it must flow, must flow, what night crawler with jake chillenhall? that's a great movie, i love that movie, also very poorly pace too, like the end of that book has pauladies army nuking the fucking patar empire. or whatever and then it just it all happens on like three paragraphs like oh and then they did the nukes and then they i guess you're trying to convey like it's inevitable at that point but man it's very it doesn't feel very entertaining and i'm sure that the villain wave movie will be very fun to watch and i will see it i will see it because i didn't see blade runner because i don't give a shit about blade runner at all i don't like the i don't care about the world i don't care about the movie i don't care about the replicants they can all suck me so I didn't care, I am interested becuse having read dune and thinking it's a cool concept, I do have interest in seeing it depicted by Vilen Nuev, but I have a feeling it's going to be kind of stick up its ass and boring, society, violence plagues us as a society, oh man, boogy nights, that's a good movie. Yeah, right, it's the Shakespearian way of ending a battle, but that's like in a fucking play when you have a stage and a bunch of flee bitten guys with leper. and that's all you can put together, when you have fucking uh uh the boundless imagination of of a book, maybe you could you know get it up a little bit, there's no budget uh issues, i am not the worst chappo now, never was or will be, i'm always the good one, i'm a good boy, i'm a good boy, i'm a good good good. boy, I'm a good boy, uh, yes, Ubi is inevitable now, oh, can you hear me? I'm not doing it anymore, I hate when I do that, shut up, uh, Ubi, can you hear guys, can you hear me now? All right, can you hear me? Okay, uh, Ubi is, yes, inevitable, we're going to get inevitable, Ubi, I said that theother. day, it's just it's going to be on the terms of the bosses, and it's just going to be a way to keep you from like totally dying in the streets, it's it's just a uh uh, just to maintain minimal social cohesion to allow for markets to continue their magic. How's everybody doing? 420 blaze it guys, 420 blaze it, i am a minnesota hot dish, i'm a wisconsin hot dish, i never really had hot dish, thank god, we weren't, we didn't, we weren't scandinavians so i didn't have to endore the hot dish because that look like real shit and i'm glad we didn't have it very often. Is there a lepracon? Oh shit, should quebec succeed? sure, why not? uh, everyone should succeed. i know i was saying the other day that we need international institutions uh, but in the absence of that, break all of them into such small units that they're not economically viable, and maybe that will like slow down the world economy enough. give us some time to deal with climate change, so sure, let's just break up all of the fucking countries into the smallest possible units, let's get micro national with it, and then we can rebuild like the fucking T1000 after it gets shot when it's covered in uh uh liquid nitrogen in t2, how about that? I don't know if we're gonna vulcanize, we'll see. I don't know if we're gonna bulcanize or if we're gonna vulcanize. I hope we do vulcanize. honestly the U.S. could do city states considering how radical the cultural and economic uh skisms are between uh suburban and urban air and I'm sorry rural and um urban areas. Uh, I did not fell asleep, shut up, I just was, I was more, morphing my body, yes, let's do mega cities, let's do mega cities, baby, I think that all of these man. micro nations, it's like none of them are going to be good, it's all going to be, it's all going to be state of emergency shit, it's all going to be command economy uh and like a main maintenance of hierarchies, you know like if if California succeeds uh the fucking uh the uh silicon valley draculas and the the the movie mogels and shit, they're still in charge, did you see that shit, remember very early on in this when they were first uh first started banning? things they first started banning like large groups and uh shit like that uh Newsom said we're banning all places where people more than 10 people congrate whatever except disneyland Disneyland is exempt, because fucking Disney is the largest corporation, one is one of the largest corporations in the world, and and it's headquartered in California, and it was honestly they the same day were like, actually no, it's fine, we'll we'll close, like they didn't even need it, they didn't even, it's just they were so instinctively deferential to them, so it's like they'd still be in charge. you'd need a place where you don't have like entrenched powerful elites and that's really it's hard to think of places like maybe in the big square areas i don't know maybe in the deep south where there's very little in the way of like functional infrastructure anyway who knows maybe you could like get actual cooperative farming or something out of that i don't know get some hammer and hoe action going. All I know is uh, I hope that I will be allowed to be the court jester for some warlord somewhere, just please, I, I don't know if I'll be very useful as a warrior. or even as a honestly as a peasants, I've got a I've got a legitimate disability, I i don't know if I have the spoons to to labor in your vinards, so if you could just keep me on as a jester who could maybe like make fun of uh and perhaps gently roast some in your entourage uh as a form of amusement or uh or uh rile up your troops to for to send them off to fight uh and claim the lands of another warlord so... like that uh just you know keep just please just keep my resumes on file guys yeah it could be bob hope i could do like i could do performances for the troops before they go. on a like a hunter killer raid of the nearby territories, you guys go and you guys bring back some ear necklaces, folks, we're bringing back the kills, we're bringing it back. Oh, I went to Ambar, that place is good, ambar India in Cincinnati, delicious Indian food. I've been to the Nember Enver airport, but I haven't noticed any of the good shit. I need to spend some time there and absorb all of their weird occult shit, buse I bet it is all very kinky. Stop it, I'm just trying to breathe people, why do you keep talking about how hard i'm breathing, leave me alone, what is the best cuisine, good question, I think I might be Italian, I think that's what my heart says, yeah, I could definitely go for a pla of some sort of pasta right now, although chinese has a good claim too, uh seshwan anyway, all right you guys, you got me all hungry, god damn it, i had pizza rolls for dinner and now i'm hungry again, curse you all, curse you you cursed little grumlins, all right guys, i'm going, i'll talk to you guys on the flippy flop, peace.