 Hello, ah, my back hurts today, ah, just riding myself today that uh, before long I'm going to be in some sort of hover-based contraption most of the time, got a bad back, got a bad hip, got the bad legs, which some of you might know about, all of which is going to... but it's going to add up to me being a hilarious gentleman tooling about and some sort of device, i would like it to actually hover, it's the year 2020, i would hope by the time i need it that it would actually hover, but i'm not i'm done holding out on anything cool happening, at least not si-fi cool, of course plenty of cool stuff will happen in the sean morehead cool zone uh fordacular as it. and the kind of things you'd like to read about in a history book after it happens, but not experience, how's everybody doing? very nice out, very nice today, so that's been nice, summer's going to get horrible, but i'm uh, i'm preparing for it mentally, i'm good. my loins to just bake quietly, although the debungler today, hilariously, the debungler, they're talking about how you know people are going to the beaches, and he said, don't go to the beaches, now if you want to sit there with a chair or something, that's okay, but if it starts to look like a beach, well then no, hi lana, always can see you in the chat, uh, he said, go at the beach, but just not in too many of you, how that's not a thing, that's not an answer, that's not a that's not a solution to the issue, that's that's just throwing up your hands and being, oh shit, we can't stop them from going to the beach, but we have to look like we care at all about transmission of this thing, so we're just going to let you decide how many people are too many people at the beach, at which point we're just going to send the cops in to arrest everybody, i guess or drive them off with fire hoses, apparently the Atlantic. city beaches are completely packed, and you know what, I just don't know what we're waiting for anymore, we have really we fucked the dog on this so bad, it feels like people don't want to really accept how badly we fucked it, all these people who are yelling at everyone to stay home, it really does feel like they basically don't get how fucked this was, like the people who are mad at you for. for going outdoors, i mean obviously most of those people are absolute hogs who are just so vapid that they can't imagine life without the fucking fast casual eteries, but the the fact remains is that there is no solution to this issue, there is nothing that's going to happen other than them just shrugging their shoulders and sending everybody out and no amount of like insisting that you're staying in is going to change that. you can stay in if you want, but you're going to be a smaller and smaller group of people who are going to have the privilege of being able to do so. everyone else is going to have to get out. yeah, people seem to not really have absorbed the reality of the cheeto in the white house and just the absolute threadbear nature of America's met. infrastructure, i mean at the exact moment that more people need access to healthcare and any in American history uh a concommenent result of that is that tens of millions of people lose health insurance and access to uh health when they need it for the for the safety of the the the entire country. it's like at ruob Goldberg machine designed to kick you in the balls. I do love that Sweden just decided to - allow everyone to die, and i really think it's because they're Swedish and they've been all been kind of waiting for that and begging and secretly praying, and now oh thank god, this thing, i either live which fine, or i die, which thank god, thank god, yeah, they call it winning the lottery when you get the the covid and die of it in uh, in sweden, when you when you go, when someone says, hey. uh, hey, how's your, how's your grandpa? they go, yeah, they got the covid, and they're like, oh yeah, she goes, yeah, he made it, oh, that's too bad for him, I'm sorry, maybe next time, I'm having a weird uh, weird new selzer, now there's a million seltsars these days, I don't understand, it's perfect example of just this isn't, at this point, considering them that they all taste exactly the same, the the the the branding. uh advantage is basically nil, what the hell are you getting out of having this on the shelves? what part of scan en ava? i don't actually know. i i don't think there's i think i don't know i i only did the 23 and me once for an episode we never ended up doing about genetics and shit and it said northern Europe i don't know it was pretty it was pretty it wasn't very specific i think denmark i what is this movie? oh my track jacket, someone wants to see the track jacket, i can put it on, it's over there, people really want to see it, i can show it to them. All right, I'll put the track jacket on in a minute, uh, someone wants me to stop staring at you, I can't, I can't, I'm looking at the questions, guys, it has, it's been a bit since someone asked me to post feet, and I got to say you people are lucky that I've uh, stop getting so hammered on these because now there's basically no chance it's ever going to happen and you should be fucking thankful because you do not want to see it, i keep telling you that and you just do not you just refuse to believe me, but trust me it's true. Oh god, the cider boom, that was before, the cider boom was the last big like alcoholic beverage craze before the cells, and it's all the same thing, it's it's it's a less beery alternative to beer, that's about the same alcohol content as beer, but that does not have that beery taste, which a lot of uh, I mean they think they generally consider to be women, but plenty of men don't like, and so cider was the answer for. a while there were there were seven million siders and now I think a lot of that energy has moved to the selzers, I think because people realize the selzer is too sweet, there's it's too sweet and they realize oh I'm going to get aids or not aids, I'm going to get uh diabetes from this, uh, no, thank you, because at some, you need to get stuff for people once they reach a point of realization of their mortality, and that's where you go from Cyder, which is good for like 22 year olds to sell. which is good for 32 year olds, but cider was with uh the... the pioneers drank much, much more so than beer, beer didn't show up until the German immigrants in the mid 1900s, i mean not in large numbers anyway and large amounts, it was it was all fucking cider, alcoholic cider and whiskey of course, and so much of it, just so shit faced, 19th century people were insanely hammered, because most of them the amount of work they did in the day was just walk behind a donkey, so it didn't require a lot of hand eye coordination. and it's boring as shit, so it helped to be drunk, and of course water was not very reliable or pure, so having fermented was a way to guarantee that it had a certain degree of uh of sterility, it was big in in the UK, but in in uh uh, in in New England anyway, it was cider, because that it wasn't really, they never really were able able to establish large-scale agriculture in new england because because of its uh relatively inhospitable soil so there wasn't really room in New England to make to to brew to get the even the requisite wheat for beer whereas there were plenty of apples apple trees so boom squeeze those motherfuckers get some get shit faced yeah there's a reason. that the three American cities most associated with uh with beer and where the big brewing traditions are, Milwai, Cincinnatty and uh St. Louis form the three points of the German triangle of uh immigration where in the mid-19th century, especially after 48, and up until up till the turn of the century uh German immigrants came, mostly from Bavaria, but uh other places as well, right there. There's Milwakee up there, here's uh Cincinnati, there's St. Louis. Uh, yeah, Pier One Imports close today. I mean, people have been talking about the death of retail for a while. I mean, those kind of things, this is the kind of situation where you have, if you have a wheezing, dying creature, this is the moment when... you put the bullet in the head or someone puts a bullet in its head or something where it just it's too much for it to bear and uh it's hard not to see this is a potential domino effect especially since i was seeing today that oh look at this uh a huge percentage of the uh of the retail real estate market in this country is undergirded by fraudulent mortgages that were based on uh false and manipulated profit statements and projections oh no when has that ever happened before? false information propping up a mortgage uh which are then sold and resolds? no, i mean that's why like i said that's why a while ago that's why softbank fucking uh bailed out did did a private sector bail out of we work was to keep the retail sector retail rental uh retail real estate. economy a float, and now you had an undergrding, we have a realization that there is an undergirting unviability there that was un overlooked just like it was in the house in the uh housing sector with this massive massive collapse in in demand and and in uh or in and in profits i don't know, i don't know how you come back from that quickly or easily, it's going to all get very cool very quickly, that's the one thing i know. I mean the good news is is that that bubble bursts, hey that's a lot of unclaimed real estate that could be used to, I don't know, house people, that would be crazy. Who would imagine housing people in a city where 25% of luxury apartments are fucking unsold and sit there, or and and a huge chunk of the rest are not the primary residence of the person who owns them or any residence at all, are just used as a to sink money, that was where capital fled as as as as other sources of investment tried up and became less profitable, the safe money over the last 20 years has been urban real estate, and so that's where they put all the cash, and so these places are just sitting there empty, they're they just built this monstrous, I think it's the tallest building in Manhattan now, apartment cube, it looks like a huge lego block, it looks like the long tetras block. and I don't know how many people are supposed to ever would ever live in there in any one moment are actually sleeping there besides like staff members because I'm sure it's got its own concier sir. and fucking army of uh of maintenance people, but in terms of actual people who have owned those build those apartments, how many, you got a couple dozen some kids hanging out like some Saudi fail son is just playing fortnite for real with like homeless people that they abducted and and put microchips in their brain, so there's this insane amount in every urban area of this. speculative real estate that has never been was never even supposed to be lived in, which is monstrously terrifyingly distorting and awful in a place where there's limited space, and therefore if you take a bunch of real estate off the market for any possible use by people, you wildly reduce the amount of actual available uh living space the city has, it's happened to every fucking place, every every city where there's been any kind of real boom, so those places, good news is, just fucking take those motherfuckers over, just crack them open and just go in, and then oh, look, people can live here, that's great, done, what are they going to do about it? i do think that if the US collapsed, yes, the middle, the midwest, which yes, is sort of the balcans of uh uh of the America, I think if it ever became part of one coherent political block, a lot of people say that would be like Titos Yugoslavia, I honestly think that would be optimistic for the Midwest, I think holy Roman empire much more accurate. Yeah, the Midwest will be the holy Roman empire and then uh, and then the New England and like the the Mid Atlantic, all those scary coastal people, that's that's the ottamans. Oh, thank you for saying I look cute. I know that I look very uh bedraggled. The problem with the mid-west is that people are going to come for that water. They're already tried to come for it. There's the the Great Lake's. act which was done because people fucking governors from Arizona and shit were were asking after mid-west uh late uh great lakes water and they're not going to they're not going to not come knocking so that's gonna that would maybe uh force it to be more politically coherent maybe so it could be a uh to be able to withstand the pressure from outside to get that water to get those pipes in there. to keep phoenix from just drying up and blowing away in Las Vegas. Yeah, everyone must swear to give their life to defend the great lakes if it comes to that, not allow fucking Albakirky motherfuckers to get our water. Venice, yeah, I Manhattan, I could definitely see being like Venice, I eat. halfway underwater and an independent uh uh trade empire yeah you could do you could do like a heavy-handed thing like a medieval retailling like a like retail medieval tail in a post collapsed america new york city would be the venetians uh Yeah, New York City of Venicians, uh, Midwest is still the uh... the mid-west would still be the um holy roman empire and maybe New England would be the Ottoman Empire see people say uh America will maintain its structure because it will just get hollowed out that's true that I think that's what would happen if there was any give left in the institutions the problem is that it's just too fucking brittle, there's no way to change anything, there's no way to accommodate change using the constitution, and of course that's been fine for the most part because people in charge want it that way, they want procedural road blocks to any kind of uh uh reform through the political process, so they love that fact, but in moments of significant crisis, those that brittleness gets put under pressure and then it breaks up. uh somebody asked what the cool zone is? it's a it's a tweet from sean Mooread who's a very good tweeter, I highly recommend anyone who doesn't follow him who wants to be on twitter, if that's your bag go uh follow him, but he said uh, if you see a 30% unemployment, if a country suffers 30% unemployment and massive uh uh lack of trust in its political institutions, it will enter what historians call the cool zone as in when it's fun to read about, not so fun to actually experience though, because we have a thing where there is a significant crisis of actual political legitimacy in this country, and the reason that it hasn't been a problem so far is because everyone is too comfortable. and yeah, that has been the pervading nipenthi, that's the that's the fucking opiot, that's the narcotic that has always seed, sooth all of America's cultural and political ills, is is free refills, free land and then free refills, once the land ran out, but if the freefills, if you got if you go to chipotle and they say one soda, no refill, and you get one piece of ice, you don't get all that, you don't get as much ice as you want, I mean of course this is a metaphor, but I mean that's that's when those systems come under significant pressure that they've never faced before. There it is, here's the tweet, if unemployment exceeds 30% and distrust of the political process becomes wide spread, there is a danger the United States will wonder what historians call, the cool zone. Yes, that's exactly where we're going to be. because there is no unified conception of the United States at all, mega people and lives live in different countries mentally, and and of course geographically, and that difference has been papered over by free refills, there's no free refills, then i don't know what happens and neither is anybody else, and I don't think it's going to be the form of fascism or armed uprisings from the population. because they don't even know how to think that way, the ones who do are mostly faking it, but I do think you can see crisis at the level of states within the country, or between the United States and other countries. Oh boy, people keep asking me what to do, man, if I knew, if I knew I'd tell you. Yeah, we're going to do an interview with the author of the Jakarta method, people were talking about in the comments uh, I think this week or early next, I read the book and it's very good. It's a very good book, I highly recommend it, and he sent me a copy, which I I read, Vincent Bevens, it's a really good book about a very under disgussed topic, the uh 1965 indonesian military coo and how it shaped cold war responses to uh colonial uh anti-colonialism, or decolonization rather. I'm I should ask him if he's related to ninja. I do wonder about some people someone was asking about John Brown and they said why can't more people be like john Brown. People I mean I don't think John Brown was a maniac. I do not think that he was. was insane, i think that's duning school propaganda, i think that he was, he was certainly a fanatic, but a fanatic for the right cause is one of the most noble people that we can conceive of and one of the most necessary for any justice to ever occur on this fucking planet, but he was also wildly and stridently religiously pius, he was a deeply, deeply religious person in a way that they don't really make anymore even, i mean all the all these fucking christians in this country they don't really believe in God, they don't have the they have completely despiritualized Christianity uh, I mean that that's why American protestantism isn't isn't christianity at all, because at a certain point it becomes an attempt, the attempt to create heaven on earth becomes literal, and you've you you are now just trying to experience the pleasures of eternity on this uh on this plane, it's it's pure, it's it's disgusting uh, but so even those people, the people call themselves very religious to go to church all the time, they don't really believe, they don't have like the fire of God within them, certainly not enough to do a thing like go to a fucking uh armory and steal a bunch of guns and try to go to war with the entire United States government to end slavery, with a thing which if every white person in the north didn't want slavery had done, they might have actually accomplished it uh, because so if you are touched with that sort of holy fire uh and I mean it doesn't have to be Christian obviously, but there has to be some sort of belief system, some sort of transcendent belief system, undergirding your convictions for it to be ever possible for your your performance of those beliefs to have full f, full force behind them, the way a guy like John Brown had, full commitment, and and and maybe his commitment is scary, and it is, but it's because his is scary to us, because it's not something we recognize, it's not a way of seeing and feeling and thinking that we can see ourselves in, and you can say, no, you know, I want what's good for other people for purely purely material reasons, whatever, and sure, you might, we all, we we're all working towards some sort of a, through a material understanding of the world, a material. understanding of what makes human happiness and and all that stuff uh, but if there isn't something else behind it, I just don't know how much you're ever going to be willing to sacrifice for that belief, because you're doing it for yourself at the end of the day, you know, you're doing it so that you can live in a in a world that that that has certain characteristics in it, and the idea of sacrificing yourself for so others could achieve it, that requires a certain perspective, I guess, that is harder and harder to come by, the degree to which you are tethered to life, and it's and material existence as like the sum total of life, and I don't know what that means, uh, I'm, I'm just thinking out loud here, but when people talk about John Brown, that's the main difference that strikes me. uh John Brown had gorilla mindset, well that's 100% true, and the thing is is that somebody says, martyrs, i don't think that would work either, like somebody says the guy uh, john brown, john brown helped cause the civil war, there's no question about that, uh, i think it was fredricks who pointed out, anyody you says john brown failed at Harper's fairy, looks to the fact that a year after the guy after he was killed executed, within a year of the execution of John brown uh uh or two years, the guy who sends him to death in the military court was in america. in custody uh and charged with treason because he'd been uh captured on a confederate uh boat trying to get to England to negotiate uh the recognition of the confederacy as called the trent affair, he was in American cuss, he was in an American dungeon within two years of John brown's execution uh, that's hard to imagine it happening without that that crusable event and that that sharpening of the distinction and sharpening of the stakes. at at at play, we've had people like that now in the in the in the in in this moment, there's the guy who uh tried to uh attack that ice uh uh facility right, the got shot uh there's the guy, there are a couple there've been a number of people who set themselves on fire, uh, a couple of uber drivers here in New York, at least a couple here, there's a guy set himself on fire. prospect park to protest global warming, but the thing is is because there is nothing behind any action, there's no movement behind it, there's no, there's no greater understanding being represented by it that is understood by all sides, uh, it can't have any real power, the reason that that Harper's fairy struck such a thunderbolt in the south, was because of how many northerners they knew agreed with John brown, how many northerners had sympathy for John brown? there was there was there were the uh all throughout the north but especially in New England uh church bells rang and commemoration of him after he was executed, a guy who uh was sentenced to death for treason and who had fired on American troops, and they knew that the stakes were real, and that they needed to break off from the United States as quickly as possible so that they could prevent the slow and steady usurpation of slavery by those people, which they knew was inevitable now, whereas any action taken now is not taken on behalf of any constituency that has any form that anyone recognizes. Well somebody says what would a right-wing John Brown figure look like the closest thing to Jon Brown uh in the in like the last 30 years just in terms of being religiously inspired terrorism uh home grown in the United States is operation rescue. and the anti-abortion movement, the guys who killed George Teller, those guys think of themselves as John Brown figures. Kansas embraces John Brown largely not because of race, but because they see it as uh, they see his actions as a as the embryo of their attempts to uh end the holocaust of of uh of abortions. I love someone says Josh, Josh Stoller, Josh Halley and Matt stoller will lead a national workers party, that that could only make sense if you are on Twitter basically exclusively, those guys are fucking pencilneck dorks that nobody knows, whatever Trump, whatever form Trumpism takes, it's going to be in his shape, which means it's going to be about just pure libinal enjoyment, not. not an ideologically coherent project, which fascism never is anyway, it's going to be, it's going to be one of the clowns, it's going to be one of the goof balls, it's not going to be one of these fucking uh, these these ideological little nomes sitting back thinking that they've squared the circle on maintaining conservative governance in a more diversified country. Tucker is to see Tucker could Tucker is the only. one of the people that is brought up in this vein that seems even mildly uh mildly possible, but honestly the thing I think of is Tucker has the Bernie Sanders problem, if if as long as Trump's alive and not president anymore, right? imagine this, Trump's still alive, uh, if he thinks that Carlson is in any way not on his side, doesn't like him, if he gets jealous of how successful Carlson is, on the campaign trial, he could decide to denounce him, and if he denounces him, it's fucking cooked, if the battle between Tucker Carlson and Donald Trump, Tucker Carlson will lose, it doesn't matter if he's the one who's actually got the ideology and he's actually going to carry it forward, and he's got the vision to, no, no, no, don't you see, I'm really going to implement this stuff, no, no, no, I'm the one, I'm the brains, you think he's going to win if Trump gets offended by that, if Trump, if Trump thinks that his campaign is implying he didn't do a good enough job making America great, all he do is be, he would have to, he would just have to say I don't like him, and that's that would be the end, because the spectacle overrules everything. I would say uh, Don Jr. has a better chance to be the next republican nominee than a guy like Josh Fucking Hally, and Mike Pence more than any of them, not because Mike Pence has juice or anything, but just because for the for the Biden effect of he was just there for eight years or four years, whatever it is, and they're just like the vibe that he brings because he reminds them of the guy they really like. Yeah, everyone's oner by the weird triangular shelf I have here, I don't actually know what the deal is, it is very oddly shaped. Trump, well somebody says uh uh Trump doesn't have any of or uh pense doesn't have any of Trump's energy, Joe Biden doesn't have any of Obama's energy, it didn't matter. The only thing they would defeat that is if somebody was like... more connected to Trump and more viable, so that's what I'm saying, I think Don Jr. would probably beat Penn suspect, but the funny thing is Trump might not indor on Jr. if he ran, which would hurt it, and you know 100% he wouldn't. I had to say there might not be an election uh in November uh and anyone who wants to scoff at that one, look at what just happened in Georgia, they just cancelled, not postponed, they canceled a State Supreme Court race, and then the governor, Republican governor just appointed the guy for two years, they just cancelled the election unilaterally. and i mean what if that happened? especially if if i mean by neth November you could be in the beginning of what is predicted to be a second much worse wave of coronavirus that's going to be hitting right around them. you're going to have some states that are going to have uh made made preparations for that by allowing for vote by mail like california, but a lot of states their entire political architecture of power is dependent on voter suppression and making voting difficult so... they're not going to give that up until it's too late, and then you're going to have a system where you can't safely vote in half the states, they're going to have a plausible argument to just fucking say we're not having the election right now, and more important than that, I ask you, if they said that, what would stop them? realistically, what would prevent that from happening? i've thought about this, i don't know, if the joint chiefs are on on board, and like i've said, those guys are uh absolute. Yes man, just lunkheads or enough of them are that anyone had any problems would probably swallow their tongue. hell, the fucking democrats would probably sign off on it, because to say this is what it is, would break the system, and they don't want to do that, the same way Gore didn't really contest what happened in 2000, they would have to sign off on it, because if they didn't sign off on it, then that would mean that the system was irrevocably broken, and they could never accept that, so even if they fucking said, even if Trump himself, the cheeto in chief? the goddamn life-sized cheeto, the cheeto creature, the food stuff put into a suit, orange dust covering the white house, the orange house more like it, even if he said we're not in the election, because they know the only alternative to to acquiescing is what, filing a lawsuit, and one way or the other suggesting to the American people that the america that the fucking system of government is gone and they no longer in a democracy, which they've the entire existence is to prevent people from realizing that they don't live in a democracy, why would they change horses in midstream? the entire point of the Democratic party is to not let people realize that American democracy is not existent, so if they made the final move and just cancel the election, what would be in any their interests to stop? doing what they've been doing the whole time, damn, yeah, i think that's true, i don't think anybody realizes a degree to which this is all, this could all go away, and of course there's a lot of reasons they don't want it to, mostly related to like fucking you know bond rating and things like that, and how and how far America's uh credit can go, and and and the necessity of these institutions. in preserving that, but if you have a bad enough uh uh like real economic crisis, they'll probably just throw the fucking bones and see what happens. so yeah, until the last they would say we are disappointed, we are disappointed that we could not... figure out a way to make this selection safe, we're hoping to come move forward and find a solution that is by partisan and that ensures fair elections for everyone and that we will have a voice in the the our form of government, blah blah blah, and at that point you can just kick that can down the road all you want, every year, just postpone it, every year postpone it until you look around and realize... no one's even expecting it anymore, and if you had something like that though, depending on what party it is, in charge the thing you might see, you might see some secession, like if Trump did that at the national level, what i said goes, but gaven Newson might decide that he wants to fucking make a play for it, maybe with the whole fucking uh uh west western seaboard, maybe that that now maybe and if biden wins by the way at all and they gets in there or the democrat whoever it is kwomo, hillary, i if they don't if there is no resolution to the significant like. structural collapse of the economy right now, you will see very quickly a secession movement brow up, a real one where some fucking uh used car salesman a fucking hot tub dealer uh talk radio dunderpate who coned his way into a governor's mansion from Texas to Georgia to Florida wherever is going to have every'. in the world to push all social unrest and anger about the state of the economy onto the federal government, which will eventually create a movement of demanding conflict with that government, if things kept keep getting worse, and eventually they're either going to have to say, actually no, it's not all their fault, it's actually a lot of my fault, uh, we don't know what we're doing, or you have to go forward and you have to go through with what they want, which would be: some sort of attempt to break away from the country. once again as i'm saying, this is all predicated on a un unrestrained economic collapse, and so if this does. happen, you don't get to be smug and say Matt was wrong, yeah, in the sense that that didn't, that that level of economic misery didn't persist, but I don't know, at this point, what is more likely that something's going to come in and rescue us, or that we are in for a long, dark night, economically speaking, with a less and less durable, political order that has less and less communal consent behind. Yeah, that's the other thing that might happen is even with all that going on, they could just have the election with half the states not having any kind of functional electoral infrastructure, and we and let a 30% turnout, at which point you've basically crossed the same sort of rubicon of of of of failing to observe even the forms of uh of the system. Huh, man, the vaccine, god, the vaccine, it's just seems so perfect that all that, fucking oh, tip, tip of the cap to the showrunner who came up with the idea that this season of America would end on a cliffhanger of whether or not the country would take vaccines, which I mean if you've seen contagion, that's the whole thing, they have a similar world. destroying although much higher litality rate uh flu type thing that rips through America, rips through the world uh disrupts everything and then is we're all saved by uh the vaccine because all the anti-vaccine crazies like jude law have been proven wrong with their fake uh uh scam drugs that they only wanted told people to take because they had stock in the company god that movie really is hilariously pressient uh and everyone's going to take it and be fine, hey yay, in this fucking country, you're telling me that you can fucking come on say, hey yeah, this this disease that just showed up two years a year ago, uh, we've now got a vaccine for it, everyone take it now, in a country where people weren't even getting their fucking mmrs and now we got a drug, the thing that people are going to think is filled with jeffrey epstean's giz, and maybe it will be, who fucking knows, and then you'll have the... amazing cognitive dissonance of Trump telling people to take a vaccine when so many of his supporters are anti-vaxers, and he has been in the past one too, but of course at this point he doesn't give a shit about that, he just wants things back up and running, yes take the vaccine, and like i said he's got to call it a potion or something or a tonic or or an unguint, because the word vaccine is just going to cause they're going to freak out, i mean maybe they'll end up taking it, but it's going to cause a deeper level of. dissonance that's going to require acting out even further, so they'll take the vaccine maybe, but they're going to be even more insane by doing so, but a big chunk of them i think won't, because I've already seen some people say, if Trump tells me to vake a vaccine, I'm not taking it, I'll know they got to him, and there's going to be plenty of that, I guaraant fucking to you, if he comes out with the vaccine, there's going to be plenty of they got to him, because those are foundational beliefs, not everyone of course because a lot of them love Trump more than anything. those are foundational beliefs and then there are a bunch of liberal fucking anti-vacciers, let's not forget that, lowest vaccination rates in the country what like Marine County, California, Trump telling them to take a fucking vaccine when they don't get their kids vaccinated, uh, yeah, I don't think that's happening. I do love that they are already warning people that this is probably going to be a fake vaccine and that it probably won't work and it'll probably come more people. but hey, we'll have it, and once we have it, no one has any excuse to not go to work and shop, and then you got dirshuit out there going, the government can make you get vaccinated and shove a and shove needles in your arm. It's like, goddamn, what are you trying to do, man? Are you trying to make people not do this thing? but yeah this whole plot coming to a head around the question of whether we can convince enough Americans to take the fucking vaccine to get her immunity at this point with this degree of complete paranoia and social mutual mistrust interesting times a cool zone you might call it. high way to the cool zone, high way to the cool zone. Yeah, I got to say, scary as this time is, it's it's also, man, can you imagine not having gotten to this point in the story, can you imagine not having got to the game show host president presiding over the black plague part of the American story, you'd kick yourself, if you're you're up there in the eminents, you're with all time and space communing together, and if you could just pop in for a second past where your life ended and got to this part, you'd be like, goddamn, fuck, how did i miss this shit? like hitchins, how do you think Hitchins feels right now? owned, shouldn't a fucking smoke so much dude, shouldn't have fucking drank that much, you might still be around to see some cool shit, i can see him being a absolutely being an reopen guy, no question, he would be 100% a reopen die, show your manlihood, show your masculinity, then he would get it and immediately die, just absolutely die instantly, he would be the only celebrity to die of it, sometimes I'm like, oh no, I wish Bill Hicks was still here to see this, but of course then i realized he did, he is, he's still here for us all, and he is having a great time, that's for sure. somebody is asking about hagel. and something from the phenomenalologie of the spirit about how the uh the the grill pill notion is a is a fudile attempt to compensate for your inability to act on the world and I would say that Hegel that's that's true to the extent but that in the real situation that we face and the real attempt to negotiate a world that has so much symbolic - spectacle to it that is so removed from our day-to-day lives that i would say that it's doomed to fail if it's sterilized, it's doom to fail if it's the only thing you do, but if you use it as a practice to get you back to a place where you actually can engage with the world around you because you haven't been in ensorseled, you haven't been ensorceled by the 50,000 screens you look at every day, a thing that hagel could never have fucking conceived of, then I think it's something useful as a uh as a practice to refocus attention and energy closer to you, cheeto christ stupid zar, cheeto christ, he's a stupid zar, cheeto christ, stupid zar, he's a stupid zar guy, he's he's a cheeto christ. super god damn it, you guys reminded me that there's a cheeto in the white house, it really did not want to hear that. can't believe there isn't a cheeto emote, we're going to need to work with that, we're going to need to get a cheeto emote going in the chat, right now all we have is the dorito, which is not quite the same thing. because his head is not triangular, it's kind of roundish. oh yes, uh, biden is calling trump president tweety, very good, very good, very good. uh, the thing is, you don't have to do that, you shouldn't do that, you should not try to ' Trump, it's just the battle you can't win, you got to come at it from a different angle, that was the whole Bernie idea, was Bernie was going to come at him from a different angle, he wasn't going to have to call him president chito, uh, but now with Biden, you know, asserting a absolutely dead consensus on the left, what the fuck is the point of any of this? so you might as well just go for the rafters and just insult the shit out of them, dancy pelosi starting it, but of course of course, she had to do it in the most, the primist, most bloodless democrat way, instead of saying dude, you're a fatty boom batty, what them where them i want to, look at them titties, look at them titties bouncing that shirt, look at that gun, no, she says, he's morbidly obese, a clinical term, a term of of a doctor would use to describe a condition that you should really, you're going to have to do something about that, just a fridge, just a... a finger wagging judgemental, clinical tone, so we so love from democrats, instead of just calling him a big fat bitch, instead of saying dude, look at your ass, your ass is like two fucking mini fridges in a fucking Joseph a banks suit pant suit, you wear or as i have suggested say he wears a diaper, motherfucker, you wear a diaper, look at the baggy ass pants, you h a diaper under there, you shit yourself, or just say, I saw him shit himself, his face scrunched up and he went uh, and then I smelled it, and then he waddled out of the room, what's he going to do, deny it? Yes, he's going to deny it all day, instead, you get these democrats, you got got grandpa Simpson getting into the sassafras and going, uh, president twee bird over here with the with the fleet florps on the trip trop, oh yeah, you can't get him out of the telegraph room, and then he got. Nancy pelosi just tisk tisking him, someone needs to someone needs to call Trump what uh Mickey Rock called Trump and that one is... instagram uh post, i know he's not on that hydrochloroquin shit, but it would be so funny if he was like if he was actually taking it, if he was that committed to the bit that he was taking it. uh, but also very funny if he thinks he's taking it and they're giving him uh placebo, i think he's just lying, i mean that's what he does, he's like, yes i'm taking it, it's great, i love it, i love it, uh, but i would love it if if it would be amazing if he was fucking just getting uh pez, and they didn't even take, they didn't even bother not to give it to him with from the dispenser, he just thinks that's how it comes, he has he doesn't even know, he thinks he's on it, oh it comes, look at that, it's dart vader, look at the darth vader Oh my gosh, put a little prescription tab on the side, he thinks it's real, it doesn't matter, if he did die though, if you really took it and he got a heart attack from it from his fucking just car battery filled with Velvita ass heart to burst, wow that might be the funniest thing that could happen, just purely funny, like not even lol hell world funny, i mean seriously how funny would that be? what would the rifts be like the day that Trump just fucking his heart explodes like a brought worst in the microwave buse he gave himself uh the fish cleaner drug i mean yeah i don't know if you couldn't top it for comedy it would be the funniest thing ever and yet very few people would get good jokes off about it that's the thing cuz how do you top it almost every joke would suck all the meme would be dog shit, all the bits would be suck, all the podcast episodes trying to rif on it would suck, because none of them would compete to compare to the actual thing, just the reality of the thing. man and could you imagine the liberals trying to like recalibrate their whole world now that he wasn't there and having to re reapply all their hatred onto dola's dishwater time serving greay pant pleet Mike Pence oh my goodness he is not an enemy worthy of the name Donald Trump is the ultimate liberal nemesis he is their mobi dick he represents everything that they load he represents every every uh element of culture that are repulsed by, everything about this country that makes them uneasy and and uh contemptuous and nautious. Trump represents all of it in one gody package, and they've therefore been able to invest this hatred into him that they could never even muster for George Bush, and because he sought to stoke it, which is one of the things, George Bush was mostly oblivious to the hatred of liberals, people around here. loved it and made and and and would te it up more, tease it up. Bush was oblivious, if anything he was probably a little annoyed by it, he wanted to be liked. Trump, through sheer fixation, uh, is able to completely invest them with intentionally, with ever increasing amounts of rage that they directed him, and for that to just go away like that, with no judgment. no cosmic judgment, he wasn't defeated in election, he wasn't arrested, he didn't uh poop his pants on in public and admit that Putin is his daddy, just crap died on the toilet, it'd be funny for a minute, but then the goddamn gaping hole that that would leave inside of them, what would fill that, what could possibly fill that? Mike Pents could never ever fill it, and that same hole in the other reverse, that same. positively erotic association the conservatives have with Trump that he is stoking in them the opposite and equal delight to the liberals to have that emotionship a relationship just snap severed instantly with no apotheosis supposed to be directed on to fucking Mike Pence, it's going to cause it would have to cause an explosion in some way, how could how could people reconcile a life with that such? that big a part of their emotional landscape go on with no context, not resolved into anything else, just gone, just imagine it, i honestly think that it could cause a national uh, nervous breakdown, think about that, uh, i'll see you guys soon, i don't, maybe tomorrow, maybe the next, but uh, we'll have another one pretty soon, trying to do two or three a weekend at least, so uh, You guys on the flippity flop.