 traveling at the speed of love, i used to be broke, yeah, all the fame, but what you doing now, i know reality, can't believe i used to be missed on my six million ways i used to run it, i guess oscar goldman got mad cuuse i got loose circuits so loose mother goose with the end that seems to be falling hey your pack my bad because I'm out of here, mama don't love me and my mama don't care, read the papers, the headlines say, bust up rapper got soul, dj something with the radio for something, I knew a whole blew the whole fan danger when the drum crogram wore a canggle, realize that a mover like clover, no good nothing, so give me some fucking beats, all the... teenage fans a heat say it on my dude so what comes next let me use my forehead so let me stop stalling buse everything i do is like falling hey folks hm so tonight biden is doing a joint address to congress as many will nerds will point out uh "it is not a state of the union in the first year, that's not a state of the union, that is uh, in a joint address to congress, the state of the union doesn't come until uh, the second year, I guess, because you know you got to, you're giving a report, and uh, there hasn't really been enough stuff to give a report on. I have a feeling though, he'll say that the state of the union is strong, going to get even though it's not a state of the union." address, I wonder what they're going to put him on, I mean obviously they put him on something for these big events, because there's no way they would leave the chance that his brain's just going to go off, because he has had some pretty astounding mental lapses just in the last couple of months uh, like a number of times where he just gave up, now he'll have the teleprompter, but you know, he's still old as hell, his brain is clearly going, and it's going to be in the evening. so I'm guessing just straight up adrenaline shot to the heart pulp fiction style five minutes before he goes out and uh I will predict this that you don't see him in public for at least a couple of days maybe a week after this speech and that'll be fine because that's the thing about Biden he was his pitch to people was put me in there and you will have to stop caring about politics so much and it really seems to have done. job, isn't that interesting? we got to the point where everyone is cranking each other off, freaking out about the imminence of of civic conflict last fall, and of course it bubbled over into the into the riot and uh on January 6th, but since Biden's been in office, it just seems like... the air is slowly going out of the political balloon, and of course that's just me from, you know, that's just it, I don't ever know, I've been alone this entire time, I mean, I don't have any interactions with people, I don't know what's actually happening, and even if I did, that would only be a small little key hole into the interactions of other people, I'm only ever trying to grock a vibe from from. the ether and it really does make me think to what degree that is all a self-hypnosis, like getting yourself into a uh into a frame of mind uh and sort of without even knowing it, convincing yourself of a state of affairs that is fully uh fabricated. but it certainly seems like Biden is in Biden's the figure of Biden is sort of the... is truly the opposite of Trump in that he, whereas Trump's every statement, every action inflamed the political discourse and raised political temperature, it seems like Biden is just a black hole, he just absorbs everything and just holds it, none of it gets reflected and reinforced. and I don't know, I honestly don't know what to make of it. I think that Trump promised a politics that we were just simply not able or willing to. embrace, and it would be nice to think if that this is the people redirecting energy in their lives towards more productive uh vectors than than politics, certainly presidential and national politics, and maybe it's just reflecting the fact. that i personally have trying to detach from politics and i'm just responding to my own conscios and subconscious reorienting of my attention. i don't know, it's weird. everything's real weird. We have this really interesting dichotomy where on the domestic front the democrats are if only because they're being forced to by circumstance uh go full casey and post Kansian and and just completely drop all of their uh their deficit shit uh while internationally turning the screws tighter everywhere on every front from sanctions to military interventions to uh intellectual property protection when we talk about uh how the two exports of America are weapons and intellectual property that's Hollywood movies that's TV shows it's also things like vax uh pharmaceutical patents, which is the real uh nut of the whole uh controversy about releasing vaccines to countries like India. i i would be surprised if you see a big charity uh shifting of excess vaccines to India and other countries that we then get to take credit for, but you will never see a violation of the uh regime buse the patent regime is what keeps the whole thing going, it's what it's what uh ned talks about in in in uh network about how the you know the saudis have taken millions out of this country and now they got to bring it back, the thing that brings them back is uh real estate and copyrighted immaterial that they we make people pay for on our terms. supporting our supported by our hegemonic military and our currency, so it would be interesting to see if we got this situation where America does slide towards a haphazard UBI to keep people consuming uh, meanwhile the uh like the iron fist of uh empire just tightens its grip even more around the world. i somebody i remember about that Israeli general who says that uh that aliens contacted the government. of what the United States and Israel? see that's how I know that didn't happen because that's a kind of shit that only an Israeli would say. Why did I say that Marx was wrong about everything? I don't remember ever saying that. I wouldn't say that. I don't agree with that. weird thing to say, there is a fucking alien species, I would not contact any government, government in this fucking on this planet, the people in charge of this of this uh world are like the the 57 millionth copy of a... absolutely deras just a uh a decadent, cruel ruling class that has nothing to offer anyone even on this planet little alone extra fucking uh terrestrially, i got to say that i do, i don't i don't have a lot of patience for the whole passadas stuff, it seems like a lot of uh, i mean it's like anything, it's fine if it's a meme, but when you decide to try to take it seriously, you're uh, you're missing the point, which is that it's just sort of a humorous thing to play with, but I do believe with, I do basically agree with his premise that if we there were aliens that were sufficiently advanced to contact earth, they would be post-capitalist, communist, even or beyond that, beyond any beyond economics we understand them, because there's no fucking way that any society governed by economics would be able to put resources into that shit or would have technology that wouldn't transcend those things, but of course that doesn't mean that they necessarily would have ideology as we understand it, the farengi aren't real, hate to tell you guys that. 666 viewers right now, hail satan. I do think it would be funny though if the aliens came to earth and they said and they said take me to your dealer because they love to get stoned on weed. I can't write, I'm not a writer. I've realized this, like you actually have to have done some, you have to have like a... a practice and a craft behind it to fucking write things down, i i try to write and my brain stops me, i honestly realize that all i can really do is talk because it's the only thing that gets past that that gravity, there's like a gravitational pull that just like pulls me away from being able to get anything on paper before i just destroy it with uh um with self-doubt and i can overcome that, but it's going to take long, it's gonna take a while, so don't expect anything uh in the near future where i'm like sitting down and writing shit down, i'm just a lazy piece of shit is the thing, i i have no real abilities, talents, skills, i've just i got very lucky. there's always an excuse to do nothing, it's true, and and and therefore I won't. No, I'm gonna try to get something down, but it's going to be like I said, through talking and then editing, not through sitting down and I had, I, I... I think that was always uh sort of a more hope than than will to like sit and write. somebody wants to hear about Robert Owen, God bless those guys, the utopian socialists of the 19th century, the first, the first attempt to opt out of capitalism, basically, and the whole history of the 19th century and the 20th, and now is how is over time that option being reduced? just just literally being wiped off the map, and uh, and I think that all of our examples of attempts to to try to opt out of capitalism while still living in a capital system are going to be undermined, because the uh, because you can't produce, you can try to produce without profit. but you're the the rest of the world isn't and that that fucking crank is just going to pull, but I you know, I don't blame him, it certainly looked like there was a lot more uh options back then, it really, when you look back in the 19th century, it really is stunning, you can say all you want about Marks and you can say about what he got wrong or how he was a dick and how he was a a lazy hypocrite who uh cheated on his wife, whatever you want or he was racist or whatever uh all that true to one or another extent, he really was the one person who saw what was happening as it was happening and saw more even than what it was, what it was going to be, and he saw that it could not be uh negotiated with, it could not be uh gotten around, it cannot be competed with, it could only be transcend. it had to be work through and transcended because it was going to become totalizing and he looked around the world and he saw the the power of capitalism and he saw the absolute rustic flacid corrupt, weak structures that opposed it. and so yeah, there's only one way this is going, nothing outside of capitalism, no system, no structures outside of capitalism, we'll be able to withstand it, the only hope will come from within it, as people who are deterritorialized by capitalism, uh, come into a new consciousness, but at the time very few people got that, and honestly, I always say. that like Marx's vituperativeness and and awful hostility and nastiness to the people he argue with can kind of be understood when you just see when you really reckon with how much he saw compared to what everyone else was insisting upon, people saying no, we can defeat capitalism by by competing with it and displaying the superiority of cooperation as though by... that late date, what was going to compel the mass of humanity was going to be uh, it was going to be an an example or a word or anything beyond the fucking ideological and physical rifle to the forehead of uh of capital. but that was not obvious at the time, how to most of us, to most people there, hell half the smartest people of the 19th century were convinced that all of it, all the stuff that was happening was due to skull shapes and and like temperature variations and shit, but yeah i don't really know that much about the whole new harmony deal, i mean i've never really st the those people, it's like all those 19th century eccentrics, well meaning, uh, uh, good hearted uh, but just fundamentally not recconing with what was in front of them, but you know what, none of us are, none of us can, all of us are creating a uh model reality to live in where uh, where agency still exists. uh Mario uh Mario Queemo Andrew Como is going to real uh legalize heroin now to distract from the new uh information about the nursing home deaths just gonna be like look what what did it take to make you people go away uh fentnill out of uh vending machines fine. Yeah, maybe they'll uh, yeah, because they're not going to legalize any more drugs, but maybe public drinking, buse that is a a real drag about New York that you can't fucking drink in the street. the thing that will one of the things I think that will always make capitalism beat anything that's competing with it as opposed to like I said being transcended from within is that. power in the capitalist system is never located, it's always somewhere else, the real power, no matter how influential or important the individuals are in a room, the real power is something in their head, and it's something that they cannot bargain with or change, not like you, a medieval council where these guys all had to uh answer to God, I mean God is just their self-interest plus their uh sense of duty, whatever that is, it's it's internal, capitalism is is, it is a compelling, a compulsion beyond uh, it's a compulsion beyond human personal coersion, it is, frankly. kind of supernatural. Oh boy, I look tired, I'm sorry, I guess I'm just feeling kind of, I don't know, at see, because I should be doing, I should be being more productive and I'm, I'm, I'm guessing I'm having a... bit of a uh a crisis of confidence like Jimmy Carter, but you know those come and go, it's all cyclical, I just got to uh breat through it, vibe my way through it, way uh, see for something to hit. I think what I really need is just for this like slow motion uh uh dep uh pandemification and what I've really realized is that like there there is no going back to normal I think that's obvious that it would be undialectical to imagine otherwise like there is no. post pandemic that's like just like it was before, but I think these last couple months, especially as vaccinations in the US have increased has really reminded me is that... there will whatever is coming after like this stage is going to be a intensification of the uh ambiguous uh uh sort of desocializing uh like i think i i worry that uh that there will be a permanent uh mark left in our ability to to engage with the world, I don't know, once again, I just feel very siloed and very unsure of what anybody uh, is is thinking or is is going to do, I do know that that whatever, I think I or anybody else was hoping for, uh, which is some sort of cathartic moment of reasserted uh uh conviviality and and uh... I don't think I don't know, we'll see, if it comes, it'll come slowly, like like uh, like uh, feeling coming back to a limb that's been sat on for too long, uh, but I think the ambiguity of it at the moment is getting to me a little bit, just this not knowing where it's going to land and how long, like we're like, we're on a plinko board moving through space. Yeah, you can't really get more of a uh sobering uh, sobering uh, a sobering model, example of what the rolling catastrophe of the 21st. will be from then this distinction between the US and places like India right now where you're getting to things opening up here, you're getting to a flattening finally of the curve, and some sort of tentative reopening, meanwhile what, there thousands of hundreds of thousands of people a day in India, and I think that that is something that a lot of Americans, about climate change uh tend to not to focus on there's that and i think that's why people like to think in apocalyptic terms about climate change, they like to imagine hey, we're all going to die, you know, but i think we're seeing with this, that's not really the case, you know, some of us will die, but the majority. of us are going to stay in the pool, in the human pool, in the citizenship realm where you get all the privileges of being an Americans, and elsewhere, huge numbers of people will die, and we will be separated from them by distance and by walls that will build and by technology that we'll use to enforce it, and I don't think that is some... think that a lot of uh, i think what people who fixate in America about we're all going to die, i think why that's a wish, like somebody once said uh, of course people like Dr. strangelove, couldn't like a movie with such a happy ending, and it talks to the the that that that desire for instant annihilation, not slow decline, and i think that is really the the death drive as we understand it, like howard ratner and in um uncut champs, subconsciously setting up his own death so that he can die at his high point rather than uh to see all that he enjoys and all that he values about himself slowly uh removed and nothing but death to be company uh I think a lot of people they take especially if you're on the left self-consciously on the left we take our the idea that we're good people seriously. we take the idea that we do the right thing seriously, we we take the idea that if we were in some other more vital historical moment, like nazi Germany or antebel America, we would be on the side of right, we would be so sophie show or John brown, and we can uh we can pretend to ourselves now in the situation that we live in that we're not really quite in that situation and that what we're doing in our lives to... exhibit a political perspective and to exercise political uh political subjectivity are all if not as most as much as we can. do enough to validate ourselves, the future that we're all really headed towards and for the most part afraid to even name is one where most of us are going to stay in the bubble, not all of us, but the thing is, say some chunk of America gets like wiped out by, by a natural disaster, and the people who were in there in that zone were up until that moment part of America. once that happens they're no longer there, i mean if they die, obviously they're off the books, but if they're on the other side of the uh border that we struck create other side of the of the tent cities that we build, they are now off the books consciously too, because their contribution to our understanding of... uh the American people uh will be eliminated, so most of us are going or our descendants or whatever are going to be in the bubble, which means we're going to be watching through the bubble, the rest of the world solely microwave, for our benefit, and that is going to mean we're going to be in the moral position that we imagine about the past, where we did the right thing, and I think a lot of us understand at some level that even if that's happening, even if we live in that world, by the time it happens, we will have accommodated enough, we will have created enough mental uh baffles and justifications and rituals of purification to uh imagine that whatever pultry, ritualized pseudo politics that we've landed on is sufficient to the... Maybe that's not true of any everybody else, but certainly makes it, it certainly seems like it'll be the case, because the alternative is, okay, say that I'm not going to let that happen, say I convince my... I am not going to uh just slowly uh neurotically uh expiate my own guilt from being par partie to this planet murder uh well what what what will I do? That answer is never clear because everything looks pointless and as things get worse, "the options are going to get more limited and they're going to be more dangerous, they're going to involve actual potential for significant suffering and death and imprisonment, and who will do that, who will do those things with they don't think that they can work, and that's why I keep banging the drum about spirituality, even though I understand that it's not something that computes and it's certainly not something that to be scaled, all you can scale shit up up to is cult, which that's no good, what does that get you? uh, jonestown, heaven's gate, even if you don't get that, you end up with like a sad failure, like new harmony, you're not fucking uh, you're not going to stop anything, you're not going to uh save anyone. so it can't just be uh, hey, let's let's have a new religion, that's silly, but people are gonna have to uh, care more, care more about other people than they do themselves, and i don't blame anybody for not having that, i don't really have that to the degree that i i think. i should, but what would build it, i think cannot be anything that we find online, it can't be anything we read, it has to be something we experience directly, and that experience has to be with other people, and that is i think where i'm finding myself sort of at a crossroads, because like i'm talking about, and i've really convince myself, anyway, and you know, that's all you ever are going to do is convince yourself. of anything, the rest just flows from that, that um, that there is no practice without action as the basis for. there is no uh, there is no meaning outside of social existence, there is no, i don't mean that like your life is meaningless if you're not social, i mean the things, the generation of meaning that you carry with you throughout your life, including when you're by yourself, are found through uh mutual experiences that that create realities that like create new. structures of of meaning that are stronger because they're shared, but my my in this weird nebulous realm, another realm, I feel very unconnected to uh other people, so it's left me feeling a little. trapped, oh someone asked about late victorian holocausts, it's a very good mike davis book, and it is honestly, i have no interest in in uh defending the soviet union, i don't really care, i think that the those arguments are perfect examples of arguments that exist to be had that are unconnected to any meaningful question and that you do so that you like you're participating, but just as a historical question, the whole the whole the the responsibility for communism of for the the excess deaths in the 20th century in Russia or China, is really settled and rendered absurd by the reality of late victorian India and the British Empire, when you saw patterns of what happen what happened in in late victorian India, the raj, the british who were operating the entire subcontinent as a giant money funnel to uh to the UK, disrupted all of the existing um communal structures for uh agricultural preservation, resource management, that had literally since the dawn of civilization in in India been used to mitigate famin and uh and natural disasters undermining and destroying food supplies, because they they rationalized agriculture, they made it into a business just like they did in ireland, and the result of that is that when famin came thanks to El ninho. temperature variations in in uh in the late 1800s, it meant tens of millions of people died, and that pattern of disrupting uh traditional agricultural uh methods and rationalizing them, which and therefore leading to massive deaths in the... side when uh economic when ecological conditions change uh is the story of capitalism conquering the world uh it's it's it's the inevitable once capitalism has has won and i think it won in 19. 20 or so uh, once capitalism is one, it uh, it will systematically, as it over, was the earth, alienate people from traditional agricultural relationships with the land, that will lead to massive death and transference of calories from the countryside to the cities. and in what you have in Russia and in China is a situation where you had these uh communist movements made up of self-conscious marxist inspired revolutionaries uh who in 1917 made it uh made a analytical throw of the dice that they were in a position to... light the spark that would light the match of worldwide global revolution that would defeat capitalism and overthrow overturn or overthrow capitalism from within. and it didn't work, it came pretty close, it wasn't a, it wasn't, I don't think it was a uh, I mean, the fact that I would point that as like when capitalism one just speaks to the fact that there was still contingency there, there was still possibility, so and when you consider what the situation was in Russia, where the likelihood of a fascist of a protofascist military reaction taking power? from the delegitimized central government was almost a forgone conclusion absent a communist revolution that they made the right call, but uh, it it failed, the revolution failed to ignite, and as a result that communist government in in Russia is forced to compete on capitalism's terms on capitalism economic terms in order to survive, and that means mulching the fucking peasantry, and that's why I think, let's call it here, I'm going, I won't say which book it is this week, I might tweet it out later, I want to do uh, a book next about... the German revolution, there's a really good one that I've heard about, don't remember that the author though, uh, it's like the classic text from like the uh, the 60s, because it was always supposed to be Germany, it was als is supposed to be Germany, the place where the language and the the where the development of capitalism was most conforming to uh the marxist concept, the way that it created a working class movement, the way that that working class movement expressed itself. uh and and challenged for power, and then when it didn't happen, I really think that we're we, we we entered a new phase, i i think that the cold war was a war for resources uh between capitalism and all of the... all everything that uh opposed it in one way or another uh and that war was much less was much less close, that war was uh never really in doubt, you can argue about some contingencies that if they go the other way things go differently, but it's hard to it it requires a lot more dice roles going different ways than than any period uh... uh during the late during the immediate post world war one era when the air was thick with possibility. I did see Mortal Kombat, uh, the CGI blood actually didn't bother me as much as it usually does, just because I mean it's fucking moral combat, you know, it's never, it never looked realistic, it was fucking eight, 16 bits or whatever, uh, and the... was some cool violence, like when the lady got cut in half with the hat, that was pretty good, kendo was honestly kind of uh, kind of charming, not gna lie. uh like it he was doing banter but it was not soy maybe just because of all the fuck all the swear words but it just it felt less uh cloying than weeden. i will say though absolutely baffling how they structured it. i guess this is an example of of the uh of the new normal of every film having to be the first in a franchise is that there literally isn't a goddamn tournament in it. all of the fights are... the one side trying to kill the other guys before they can have the tournament, what the fuck man, when are we gonna get to the fireworks factory? movies are dead, correct, uh, because I really do think that the concept of the film, the theatrical. feature film is determined by the context of uh uh seeing it in the theater. i i don't think it's movies anymore if they don't go to theaters. i've said that before, i really think it's true. we are not, we now have like scary said, we now have content, and i don't think Marvel destroyed them. i think Marvel is just the symptom of capitalism destroying them. i mean, i know that that's a it's easy to say that because it's the answer to everything. but you really do see as as uh money just swallows the industry, the it changes the economies in such a way that that the amount of investment, the amount of return on investment, required is so astronomical that artistic considerations cannot be priced in, not entirely, but over time more and more, and I mean people say marvel, but you guys know... the year iron man came out right? who knows the year? the first the first, i know it was it's not like the the first official mcu or something, that's i don't know, but the the the first one that like starts the thing was iron man, 19 or 2008, anything else happened that year anybody knows about, anything else happened in 2008 that anybody remembers cuuse remember the way that the uh to... collapse was uh responded to as opposed to the great depression, which was responded to a huge uh increase in uh worker leverage, direct employment, massive increase in unionization, and therefore purchasing power at at the basic at the at the level of of the consumer through labor share of income, how is it fixed to? all of them they just took the governor off of money, they decided money doesn't exist for banks and of course money never existed, it was always a fraud, but it was a fraud that they all pretended to believe in to some degree or another, and 2008 taught them, oh okay, never mind, like we have reached the final stage here, like there is nowhere else for this money to be invested in, there's no... aware to profitably invest money. Apple is sitting on what? $200 billion dollars in in just dead capital that they that they aren't investing in anything, there is nowhere for them to put it. there is no, i mean my god, crypto is literally just running a fucking uh car in the garage, it's just doing the uh the externalities of an economy without any of the productive part. but what that meant is that the the uh the cheapness of money at the top meant that it that changed the economics of all these industies and it made it so that so much money needed to be come come back to these companies at at the top end like Disney that nothing but guaranteed product. with built in multi-year marketing structures could ever be worth the financial the initial investment and when iron man was a hit, people wanted a superhero, they wanted a hero, they were holding out for a hero, the model was born, and now everything has been trying to be that ever since, i mean my god, they tried to turn the damn universal monsters into a freaking extended. universe, what is the productive part of crypto besides moving illegal uh shit around and evading? taxes, it's just, it's just fucking carbon emission, it's strangling penguins, every time you mine a crypto coin, they shoot a fucking penguin in the head, that's it, that really does to me sum it all up is that there is money has so far outpaced the real economy and real productivity. uh and real scarcity, like the reality of this is when you look at this insane system is that clearly through technology, uh, through the creation of systems of trade and exchange, we have solved and uh and agriculture and we have solved scarcity, but the only way to do that is: to the only way to actually apply that is to take all of that uh all of that excess all of this productive capacity that is just taken and held and and move it back around and redistribute the technology uh and the mechanisms of exchange well and remove the the profit engine we could do that that's possible like in terms of we have the there's nothing physically stopping us, only our structures, only our our embedded assumptions, only the mechanisms of control, but there is no uh, it's so far past a real economy that the only new avenues of investment are ones where all you are doing is exp is the non-productive element of production. the externalities of production, because there has to be something, it has to be measuring some activity, but this is not the creation of value, this is the creation of fucking carbon, that's it, and so we are going to suffocate like someone turned on a car in a garage, because there is nothing inside the system that will stop it from doing. that because the damages, the hurt, the exploitation, the misery are always concentrated fartest from the points of power, the closer you get to points of real leverage and power within the system, the more insulated you are, not just personally, but psychologically, from the reality of capitalism, and of course at the very top you've got literal demons, but you've got plenty of... and values and all that is good, so of course living in that, breathing that vaper, we we will continue to carry the system out until it's too late, until we we're at the other side of the bayonet until we're on the other side of the cage, but by then there will be no way for us to stop because we're outside of it, and once you're outside of it, you can be and will be annihilated because you don't have the... proximity to the technology that allows you to confront capitalism. someone says crypto isn't all mining, it's three coins that do that. you mean the three ones that people have and use, you mean the three ones that matter? if there's ones that... don't use uh mining fine, that's good, but is that where the money is? it's very interesting though to me that bitcoin has a finite limit to how much can be produced right, it's 90%, someone says it's 90% mine, and of course what happens, presume i, i'm assuming once it hits 100, the value goes to zero, right? can somebody who knows more about uh crypto explain this to me? like the it has to go to zero if once it's been 100% mine. and if that's true, it's very interesting because it shows the way that libertarianism uh is is is a is a self is a self-conscious self-delusion because you've created this thing right, this new new money, it's better than old money, it's it's superior to old money, it's got real value, and you still even though you believe in an economy, capitalism that is dependent upon endless growth, continual and endless growth, that's the necessary condition for capitalism, which is why America is just a giant ponzi scheme, uh, your ideal currency has a fucking finite amount that can be produced of it, you don't even see the contradiction there. but that's because actual currency, not legal tender, fiat currency is at the end of the day actually enforced by uh the system that produces its viability, the the the the uh the technological and social capacity of the state. That's what actually undergirds currency, and that is, that exists as long as the state exists, or to the degree that the state exists, but because the the libertarian crypto people don't believe in the state, they have this hard wall, and then what happens when you hit it? oh, we'll figure it out, because the assumption is always, because well, because the reality is, this is never meant to be a currency, and its value isn't as a currency, is purely as a speculative. fucking investment and that means yeah at the end of the rainbow when the fucking thing hits 100 there'll be something else the good old state with its old fiot currency which we've been actually converting this to the whole time uh is going to be there to pick it up to have another con for us to run. if you if somebody makes a cryptocurrents that is an actual stable source of value and not speculative and that allows for transactions outside of state control that'd be great and doesn't involve just spewing fucking carbon in the atmosphere, that's fine, that'd be great, are there any of those? i'll have some, but i mean i don't really need any cuz i don't need to subvert legal transactions right now. Seems like Google and Amazon are getting away with a lot more planetary destruction than crypto but no one gives a shit well I mean nobody gives a shit about any of this you're talking about like 90% of people of descriptions it's amazing I wouldn't say 90 I guess but it's amazing the number of debates uh online about politics that boil down to why do you care so much about x and not Y when the reality is nobody. actually cares about any of it, it's just what they want to emphasize at any given moment for an emotional high point to an argument they're making to avoid having to deal with their existence. i should know, i've almost perfected this shit. like we we we're bothered by this stuff, that's real, we're bothered by it, but it's it's like the grit that we kind of have to chew on to like make our guts work, you know how like there are some animals that like eat rocks to put in their stomach like chickens, i think, they eat rocks to put in their stomach so they can grind up against the food that they consume, that's what are our concern, our care about any of these issues boils down to is it's grissed and like even the anxiety and and guilt is produced by by chewing on it is in some sense psychologically satisfying. because it propels us into rituals of uh absolution that then make us feel cleansed if only for a moment, and it's the seeking of that cleanliness, and it's the cycle of of feeling implicated and uh and soiled and then seeking a uh, a baptism that keeps us moving, and again, there's no body to blame. for any of that, no one is wrong or evil for making these choices, we are all just trying to uh live from day to day as no humans ever have, as as alienated as any humans have ever lived, and we are just trying to make sense of a world that has at every, since our most of us if we're listening this, since we were uh conscious has uh existed solely to atomize us, to convince us of the immovable deadness and disenchanted uh mechanistic soullessness of the world, the the centrality of our own pleasure as the only to that as the only uh as the only goal to seek in this dead fucking landscape and then try to make sense of the world that we live and of course this is what we're going to do, but these atoms that are banging off of each other, you know, eventually some of them are going to hit in a way that was unanticipated, and explosions are going to occur, whether they're sufficient, whether they happen in time. is a different question, but whether there is going to be something for people to do at any given moment that might help lead us closer to that point, is also very true, there is, there is always, as long as there are humans, there is there is hope, is because we all have the ability to transcend our understanding of the world, it happens all the time, we either experienced it or we've seen it in others, where people come to an understanding that change. changes their relationship to the world around them, to the people around them, changes their values, and therefore changes the trajectory of their life, and that is where free will resides, is in the the the possibility that we have at any given moment to jump the track of our programming, but what does that is emotion, what does that is a feeling in a moment? is a contextualized experience that opens a new path, it cannot be reasoned to, it can be reasoned towards, but the actual catalyst can only occur uh in the forge of human interaction. free will resides in the balls. all right, folks, bye-bye, where is this gizmo?