 eating goober peas goodness how delicious eating goober peas we love the gober peas don't we folks we love to eat a gober pee it's the best you go you take it you put it in your mouth match to Georgia with you pees. anyone remembers that? they probably don't. that was a civil war's marching song about peanuts. that's how unentertained people better back there. they had to sing songs about goddamn peanuts. how sad? can you imagine? how bizarre? how bizarre? so today we're going to talk about the first chapter of reconstruction, but before we start, just do a little, how you doing everybody? don't worry. if anybody didn't do the reading, it's no big deal, the first chapter uh is mostly setting the stage, it starts with the emancipation proclamation, the signing of the emancipation proclamation, and it's uh essentially focuses on the way that the civil war had broken apart American society, how it was exposing and intensifying friction points between elements of the social order uh and most importantly creating new formations and new relationships between them, that's that's what uh that chapter is really about before you even gotten to the end of the war uh and what Foner does is he basically goes through the north and the south and examines the uh ways that the different broad social groupings of the north and the south have been changed by the war, starting of course uh with the slaves uh who by 1863 had begun in huge numbers to uh resist plantation authority to flee to union lines whenever they have a chance uh and to in general withdraw their labor from the confederate war effort this is what uh deboys i know calls in his book general strike that's how he frames it uh and that what Fonder is getting at here most importantly is that this is an assertion in the context of the war uh of like black uh freedom and and uh an assertion of black rights and a demand for not only the end of slavery but the end of the the social cast system that had emerged. uh and on the other hand, the non-plantation owning white population of the south uh at the same time that this was happening at the same time as as slaves were sort of rebelling and resisting slavery and aiding the union army uh the upcountry is there known southern whites the poor subsistance largely subsistant farmers of uh the appelations but and essentially anywhere uh of mountainous terrain where plantation agriculture and the hegemonic culture that plant plantation agriculture created couldn't sustain itself and in those places resistance to the confederacy was always relatively high and got higher over the course of the war as the confederacy uh asked more and more of small holders, of poor whites and less and less of uh the rich plantation owner class uh the the south instituted a draft before the north did, it exempted before the north it had its $100 man policy, it exempted owners of slaves, i believe more than 20 slaves from conscription, and uh most interestingly and importantly i think uh "the interest of individual slave owners came to conflict with the interest of the confederate uh cause, because there was money to be made from dealing cotton and other materials to the Yankee inveda, which was too much of a temptation for many southern uh uh southern plantation owners to resist.". Meanwhile, the poor upcountry whites were the vast majority of the military, they were they were they were the the the cannonfder of the war uh and they were also... so uh asked to pay the lion share of taxation and suffer the most the ones who stayed home uh uh due to shortages and food. there were bread riots throughout the south, there's a the most famous one was in Richmond, but they're all over the south, and this led to uh wide wide scale sabotage, draft resistance uh and union sentiment uh in the upcountry of the south. now that did not translate to some sort of solidarity with slavery uh with slaves, because uh in many cases uh upcountry southerners blamed blacks for slavery as much as they blamed uh the owners of blacks for slavery. uh, and i just there's one quote from that fanner uh puts in here from a methodist circuit writing preach. in uh eastern Tennessee, which was a hot bed of anti-confederate sentiment because it was mountainous uh, and in fact if it hadn't been for the quick deployment of confederate troops to uh root out unionist sentiment and hang unionist leaders, there's a good chance that Easter Tennessee could have succeeded from Tennessee the same way that western Virginia did earlier in the war, uh, which by the way, West Virginia uh being able to succeed from the confederacy and become its own state. that was the one side of of the war where uh Mclellen was able to uh distinguish himself at all, that's where he got his early reputation was in securing Western Virginia which allowed it to succeed from the confederacy, that would that that could have happened in eastern Tennessee, uh, except for the the confederate army, which came in and started hanging people without due process, because they love liberty so much, but uh, what this this preacher, this anti-confederate uh, pro-union preacher will... Brownlow said that he wished to arm every wolf, panther, cattom and bear in the mountains of America, every rattle, snake and crocodile, every devil in hell, and turn them loose upon the confederacy. I just, and that's the way that like people who now all have confederate fucking flag shit on their houses and then their shirts and stuff, that's how people at that point felt about the confederacy, because you're always most aware. of the exploitation uh being perpetrated by those uh nearest you and and that hostility between the upcountry and the plantation regions that had pre-dated the war and it was exacerbated and intensified by the war uh and fanner notes this just to say once again that this is a moment of profound friction and conflict and change the relationship people have to their government to the institutions that they have taken for granted is in flux uh and and then in the north uh fanner talks about the way that uh anti-union sentiment was to be found not only among uh the butternut regions of southern Ohio and Illinois and Indiana which were filled with people who had migrated from Tennessee and Kentucky and Virginia and who had slave sympathies slave uh slavery sympathies, but also among the urban irish immigrants, and the draft riot of 1863 is a big example of that, and in this case you have people who are being asked to fight for a union that they do not feel that they are being uh um benefited by, that and to defeat a system that they do not find to be a threat to them, uh, and the... there is one interesting distinction though, which is that uh, well the northern, well the confederate uh elite found themselves in a situation where their narrow self-interest was often in conflict with the self, the the collective interest of the confederacy, the confederate project in the north, being if you had access to capital and you were in any way in industry, uh, your... self-interest was in fully supporting the labor, the uh the war effort, because that's where the money came from, uh, the the northern economy was completely revolutionized by the injection of a vast amount of liquid currency, fiot currency into the economic system, in a country which had not had at any point before that a national currency, that's the thing to remember is that before the civil war, there was not a lot of currency. in circulation in a lot of parts of this country, especially farther away from cities, and places where there was currency, it was issued by banks, which had charters from the government allowing them to uh to to issue currency backed by a reserve of gold that they held, um, and in order to fight the war, the United States created green backs, which were back by nothing other than America's force, and uh, which injected, which created a explosion of economic uh activity, where it was incredibly beneficial to uh northern agriculture, but was and also... uh was very beneficial to people held debt who were uh in debt to financial institutions because they could pay back with cheap money that which they borrowed with deer money uh but for for workers for that bursioning class of wage laborers inflation cut into their uh uh their actual income it re they saw a real dropping, a drop in real wages over the course of the war, which was one of the things that exacerbated hostility to the war effort itself, and so in pointing this out, foner is saying, these systems are in flux and more than anything we are seeing one system be destroyed and another defeat uh victorious uh the contradictions within them both contributing to their victory and to the defeat uh and if anybody I mean honestly I don't think there's any case to be made that there is a moral that you could say that there is a moral superiority in any. sense to to the jeffersonian small government model as it ended up being practiced in the south, because one of the big things that kept those poor white so poor is that there was very little taxation or infrastructure or or public education of any kind in the south, which is one of the things that actually paradoxically allowed for the uh tension between poor whites and plantation economy to remain latent was because not a lot was asked of poor people. there was a very little taxation in the first place uh and that and that allowed the state to sort of be seen as you know not an interdicting fact in people's lives, but the reality of that end ended up being that people were stuck in a pretty much a permanent condition of poverty uh that they could not overcome that they could that the ladder of uh improvement that like wigish model in the north allowed for was totally uh off the chart off the table. for southern poor southern wives, but that was not because it was not the result of uh explicit policy, but rather the lack of policy, it was not necessarily directly tied to uh, tied in the minds of you know poor whites to uh the state itself, to the to the powers itself, that changed though, when taxes started going up to pay for the war and conscription started to send people to fight the war. and then in the north you have this new industrial economy spinning up into existence in order to fight the war and defeat the confederacy uh and in so doing creating one the huge expansion of the concept of rights, the concept of liberty and america uh in a positive direction instead of the notion of negative rights and predominated in the constitutional in the early federal era uh because of you know the the the fact that there there was a war on that was over the course of the war more and more identified with the cause of human freedom, but to fight that war and to win in the win that war and to create the economy that could do so, it ended up uh concentrating economic power in the halls of uh finance and and um among this new class of captains of industry, these new industrial leaders, uh, and who wa would use that power to guarantee to assert assure that for themselves that whatever political uh reality emerged from the war, it would be one that would take as its basic premise the inviability of private property, the inviability of the financial sector uh and of the wage relationship. More than anything Foner in this chapter is saying that is pointing out the the the points of friction, conflict and an opportunity, and I think more than anything emphasizing the fluidity of the situation, and that fluidity, which in retrospect can often appear to be pre-determined, because you look at a situation and it often does become difficult to see where anything different could have happened, but the reality of the war is that so many established forms were breaking up. that um that what came after was really contingent and over the course of the book we're going to find out exactly how those contingencies solidified into reality uh oh but I was off track for a second I was talking about how I don't think there is a moral there is no argument you can make morally that the plantation system that emerged in the south out of the Jeffersonian notion of small government was in any. way superior to the northern federalist/wig notion of internal improvements and central authority, so if there is no moral superiority there, and even like stipulating, let's stipulate that that the federalist free system isn't even better, i mean i i don't think that's true, i think if you have slavery in your system, it's inherently worse, but forget that, say they're fine, say they're equivalently immoral because they are equivalent in that they are systems of class oppression, they are systems of extraction of surplus from one group of people for the enjoyment of another, that's the case in both systems, the mechanisms, the social forms are different, but that's the reality of both of them, and then they went to war with one another, and one of them at every point, all of the things that were supposed to be virtues of the system ended up undermining the ability of the state to defend itself. whereas in the north every system every element of the system combined to make this uh system into a more effective fighting force into a more effective defender and exerter of its state uh prerogative and if morals are out the out of the door then the which one was better to me is solved Hamilton was right Jefferson was wrong the war civil war proved it. You can't say one was morally superior to another or that one system had had a superior respect for individual freedom or rights or liberty or any of that bullshit, neither of them did, they're both systems of securing class rule, one of them secured it effectively, one of them secured it hilariously ineffectively and was essentially subsidized by the other until it could no longer sustain it, until that relationship couldn't sustain itself, at which point it was destroyed by the. other, but that conflict had to be resolved through force, because both sides had enough uh, had enough access to land and enough access to capital to build essentially competing social structures within a fantasy of uh of a national government which had a constitutional system that was designed to sublimate conflict until it could no longer be sublimated any longer at which point conflict became uh overt and boom the north one. did Larry Flint really die? damn. RIP rip to a real one, are they going to roll his dead ass uh into a volcano or something? that'd be pretty funny. so if anybody has any questions about what was in the first chapter we could go over them a little bit, otherwise we'll really get into it, i think next week, gonna do two chapters and i'm gonna for that one i'm going to like take notes and every going to go through them this time i did real do that uh, the thing about... the American system is that it is designed to sublimate all, I mean and this is true of all democratic governing, deliberative institutions is that they are designed to mystify. and baffle and sublimate conflict away from uh from reality and into into sort of performance, but the ability to keep doing that is really just predicated on, it's not predicated on anything intrinsic to the system, it's not predicated on the values that the system inculcates, it's premised on the ability of the system to ameliorate conflict materially. In America, that has always been, the ability to af to offload issues, offload social conflict through the uh assimilation of land uh and the distribution of uh resources through expropriation here and then globally, that that's been always it, and and the current conflict we are in is that we have reached a point of where export operation has has become diminishing, where we have a diminishing returns. exporation and that that that means that the latent conflict is reemerging uh and the civil war was a similar situation, the the uh the only way to ameliorate the conflict between the northern and southern modes of production was continued expansion on the terms of the south, but that over time became to uh too existentially threatening to uh the northern political system and and and economic system. That's why I often wonder if the wigs had gotten in there after William Henry Harrison had died, say will Henry Clay becomes president instead of John Tyler, and you have a wig government, government in the aftermath of the 1837 panic, sort of reorienting politics away from expansion. towards internal improvement that perhaps you don't have that headlong dash to the Pacific uh and the eventual annihilation of the south. I don't know. So one says the slavery was the only system that could make the south economically competitive with the north. That is true because. it was, it was, it was, it was the it's the land that allows for uh, for um, you know, massive profit through the the sale of uh, cash crops, but the thing is, why the fuck are they competing? it's one country, the whole notion of the of their of them being in competition or... rose from the historical accident of uh of the states coming in as sort of equals rather than as the the it emerging as a as a uh as like a a whole a whole political unit. but regional conflict between regional ruling classes had has to at some point be sublimated and that was the project of European uh centralization, the creation of like the the creation of the uh of absolute monarch model of like the early modern era, you know like Louis the 14th, that was not at the expense of like the regular French citizens, it was at the expense of local barons, it was at the expense of regional power, and that was true everywhere that uh that centralized authority emerged. in Europe, how radical were the German immigrants in Missouri during the war and reconstruction, they were certainly more radical than the fucking regular white people who lived in Missouri, that's for sure, uh, the Germans were responsible for Missouri uh. in the union, it was German militia that drove the uh pro secession uh forces out of St. Louis at the beginning of the war and uh denied them the ability to to join the confederacy in the first place. And yeah uh the the German immigrants of of Missouri, but also - Ohio, Wisconsin, uh, they were Pennsylvania, they were more class conscious, certainly than uh, maybe. have born northern uh forces for the most part, because many of them had come from, they had they had fled, like uh, absolutism, and specifically a lot of them had fled the uh, the destruction of like the artisan class by the industrial revolution, and they he came to America to try to reassert like artisan rights uh, which put them in conscious conflict not with not just eastern banks, but also large land owners, like part of the problem of class consciousness, or at least - as the conflict of of part of the problem of uh native white Americans seeing the slave power for what it was, is that they did not have that uh that instinctive conflict with large landowners in the south, northern northerners did anyway, like they might have seen slavery as a competing labor system, but they did not see themselves in any way as personally oppressed by the large land owners of the south, whereas for a lot of these germans, when they saw the big land owners of the south, they thought of the junkers, they thought of the junkers of prussia who overweened the the the German uh confederation at that point and and and uh were the were an occupying foreign force in most of the Rhineland which is which is where many of the German Catholic immigrants came from. So when they saw the fancy lads and their with their dueling and their and their fake uh Walter Scott Cassplay they saw the face of their own exploitation and their own uh alienation. fuck you, i'll pronounce it how i want, junker, that's stupid, i'm it's i'm an American, i'm calling it junker, kick you in the junker, there's no such thing is native white americans, okay, tell that to them, good god, get out of here, give me a break, talking about like self communities at by through their own self-conception, they thought of themselves as Americans. Yes, mooncher with the baron von Moonchousen. I haven't read the new matte Carp article yet, I'm looking forward to it, his election analysis is always absolute fire, so I'm sure it'll be great, I don't actually someone asked about the counterfactual uh, 1848. That's not one where I really feel like there was a lot of uh possibilities outside of what actually happened uh that was really that's why would I have read that I don't um because it was a a a movement of people who had no common cause that there was no unity at all and in and and you can't even say that unity could have come through struggle the way that it might have happened and was happening to some degree through the course of the civil war, because there was no struggle to unify through, it was always peacemeal, haphazard, uh, the con the uh spontaneous, un marshalled and unlled uh, and it was a, it was a continent-wide emergence of... uh, more than anything, bourgeois insistence upon uh, like the liberal state, and as that meant a lot of coalition building with like... early forms of working class organization, but once again the working class in practice was still very much in its infancy at that point in Europe, the majority of uh workers who rebelled in the cities of Europe during 1848 were not uh wage workers for say, they were mostly artisans who were being squeezed by the the like the imposition of free trade and uh and the uh you know concentration capital which was still, which was early, but was still was still pressing them, it was essentially a uh, a uh, yeah, it was a combination of a new urban small bourgeois fighting with a sort of precapitalist alliing with a pre-capitalist artisan class and on an ad on an ad-hock basis mostly organized around questions of nationalism and language uh, and in such a... situation, I really don't think that there there, there are way too many things that would have to go drastically differently in order to have the overall contours of that event change in any significant way. the idea that the American revolutionary war was the second English civil war. Kevin Phillips talks about that in a really interesting book called the cousins war uh which where he essentially says that the revolutionary, the English civil war, the revolutionary war and the civil war are all one long conflict in the anglosphere between uh land owners, a a feudal land owning uh ruling class and an emergent merchant. uh middle-class which would eventually take over from feudalism and that those three wars are essentially the wars that over the course of those uh 300 years saw feudalism fully overthrown and replaced by uh capitalism and i think that there is a lot to that and his main argument is that the social basis of the two sides in all three of those wars is basically the same, the English civil war, obviously, you can't say that this is true, completely, you know, there were examples, there were counter examples on each side, but it was broadly a battle between uh emergent urban merchants and big land owners, the the rounddheads, the the puritan side were city dwellers were merchants, and uh the the cavaliers were the large feudal land owning class, then the civil, the revolutionary war is essentially a battle between uh the most industrious and most religiously uh efusive of those uh merchants going to the United States, creating essentially their own country uh and then going to war with uh a homeland that was still largely controlled within itself. uh by the large land owning old feudal order, although of course there were plenty of you know the the wigs at that point were already like the merchant party, they were the urban party within there, and they were by the way the people who are most likely to be sympathetic to the United States, William Pitt uh, whose pitsburg is named after, was a wig politician who supported the uh the colonists uh and and then the civil war is of course the culmination of that on the home fully in the United States uh and every and once and here you have the large the the the neo feudal the attempt to like the attempt was essentially in the south to recreate the uh the old feudal order in the new world conflicting with uh the new the merchant state the industrial merchant state of the north. and like these battles are are are a war in the place where capitalism is emerging in its in its like most effective and uh durable form out of sort of a feudal loam, but that... is not a a fast or decisive one, it is a it is a dialectical process, it is existing. forms of power, negotiating with emergent forms of power through politics and when politics fails through warfare, but at every point uh the victory was made was won by uh capitalists at the expense of the feudal order, and by the end of it the feudal order had been broken, the meal feudal guys in the... revolution did not mostly side with the united with uh the revolution, that's not true. the reason that Cornwall marched south uh after taking after they took uh uh New York is because there was much more loyalist sympathy in the south amongst the large land owners. now guys like Washington and Jefferson of course were pro uh um we're pro revolution, but that was not true broadly. among the uh the large land owning class in the south, they tended to be more loyal, more tory, uh, guys like Washington, the reason that they were for the union is because uh, have you ever noticed it's mostly guys from Virginia, the state that's closest to the the northern uh merchant capitals, that's whose economies are most tied in there, those were the people who were the most who were the large land owners of the south were most like most likely to support uh the patriot side. Washington, George Washington was a uh, was absolutely a um, even though he was a land owner, he had the mind of a fucking merchant, he he, he was, his entire life was consumed with the notion of advancement of of of of social and monetary success, which are antithetical. uh values to the decadent uh land-based urban ruling elite who were beaten largely because their social order looked down upon the sort of striving that people like Washington made their lives around and part of the and the reason for that is that Washington did not come from a large from a uh a family of huge like noble birth he came from a middling class of uh of uh of land owners and uh clergy, actually who came to America and immediately started grinding, he was he was from a long line of grinders uh, which is not true of the lot of the large land owners uh of the south who supported uh, supported the king, and the thing that in that book by the way, that will that phillips gets really into that reflects what fower is talking about is that... in every region there was a conflict between upcountry poor settlers and the settled uh like delta plantation region settlers uh and where and whatever politic the politics of the uh of the elite were the upcountry poors had the opposite so wherever there was hegemonic support for the uh patriarch cause among the local elite, the local uh small holders and poor people, poor whites were tories, and wherever the large, large land owners and large elites were tories, the local small holders and poor people were patriots, and the challenge, the challenge that reconstruction presented was the challenge of nitting together these dispossessed groups into a political coalition, and that did not happen, and the fact that it didn't happen is why uh, why the yankee laviathan ended up becoming uh completely captured by uh the emerging industrial Rober Baren elite. Yes, that's the other thing about Virginia is that it was the largest of the colonies population uh and it was also very interested in expansion Westward which put it in direct competition with uh England after 18 the 1763 proclamation which forbad uh settlement beyond the appelations and guys like George Washington had direct financial Oh, the impeachment trial. Who fucking gives a shit? Who fuck? Why or how could you care? And I'm, I understand that some people hear you say that and they think, oh, you're being an edge lord, you're not taking it seriously enough, and I understand, I don't want to make, I, I, I don't want to feel like oh, it's not a... deal, it was pretty fucking wild when people rushed the senate and like that is kind of wild that that happened and that the president told people to do it, that is, that is a new shift, that's a new phase, i understand that, but this particular uh thing, this particular process, the impeachment trial after the guy is out of office, it really does feel like more than anything, it is a emotional. uh pressure release, it is a way for people to have their feelings validated and go through their trauma and then sort of heal about it, and if you want to do that, if you have the trauma and you feel like that's helpful, that's fine, and if you feel like watching this helps you do that, that's fine, but expecting anybody who is who does not feel that trauma that they have to join with you in this spectacle, that's what i don't understand, and that's where i refuse to go along with it, because everyone knows what's going to happen, there is no amount of eloquence, there is no amount of persuasive evidence that could be presented that will get a conviction out of this process, there are not enough republicans who want to lose their next election basically, and so they're not going to do it, they will not happen, and with that in mind, I honestly wonder for a lot of these people who insist this is a very important thing. don't you worry about that fact? don't you worry about the fact that this horrible transgression is going to go down in history as having been validated by the deliberative process of the senate? the only way this thing makes sense as a political project is if you are really convinced that that capital breach is going to be the thing that destroys the republican party that the that the... the center of gravity of American politics is going to shift away from republicans because they refused to condemn this thing fully and I think that's the only kind of that's the kind of thing you can only believe if you really do live in a bubble, if you and and of course no one is more bubbled than these fucking diffshits in Washington and more and I think even more importantly, nobody is more invested in shifting politics away from real stakes. and material interests than the democrats either. capitalism did replace feudalism, not in the sense that buse people are pointing out like we're going back, we're going towards something that is going to be neo feudalism, techno feudalism, and doesn't that mean that feudalism never went away? a mode of production is a bunch of things, it's a bunch of social concepts and the thing is is that feudalism had at its at its social base and understanding of the world that is not the same as capitalism, the capitalism a the liberal liberal subjectivity is not fudal. it is different, and so in since now liberal subjectivity is hegemonic, feudalism is gone. now if capitalism is replaced with this system of like feudal obligations enforced through technological means, not through social means, you could say that like as a mirror. um mechanism of extraction that you have something that resembles feudalism, but its social basis is completely different, it the social uh, the undergarding social logic is one of capitalist individualism, and to say that and that means and whatever comes out of that will maintain that, will maintain that social reality. I mean if you really want to go back far enough like it's always been a war between masters and servants and masters have always won like the masters have always won uh the only thing that changes is the is the rational and conditions and social basis of that mastery. like when the when the burjois overthrew capitalism, it was not liberation, it was not human liberation, it was not the subject being uh, being liberated, it was one group of rulers being replaced with another, and a new justification for their rule. was there anything progressive about the American revolution? yes, like it's you cannot have the possibility for socialism until you have capitalism first, demolishing feudal, the feudal order. Right, socialism is a shadow form of capitalism, it is, it is only conceivable in the real context of capitalism and capitalist relations that allows socialism to emerge as... a a conception uh like the freedom of like the the the the liberation the of of a feudal order of a pre-industrial feudal order is essentially a regression to tribal self-sufficiency and then capitalism gives birth to socialism as a as it's as a culmination. Well see that's the thing about Russia and China is that they really weren't supposed to be where where where socialist revolution happened, they really weren't modern capitalist societies that had had like that had reached a point of uh of contradiction that could be resolved through through socialism. Yeah, like, I'm more and more come to the idea that I kind of think that once the once the German revolution failed, the Bolsheviks should have made a deal with the peasants. I think maybe Bukaren was right. in the whole debate about what to do about industrialization and what to do about the peasantry, because the the entire premise of the bols bolchevic revolution is been had been as the opening act of a world revolution. yeah, but would have would world war I have happened the same way. see, that's there was no, when Bukar was arguing for this stuff, the nazis didn't exist yet, they were not in charge, like the you, you're looking back through. the lens and saying yes, but they needed to do all that to win World War II, that's not historically grounded, that's trying to like pick a side and win an argument. and yeah it's like people love to give the Soviets credit for for beating the Nazis, but they essentially handed the keys of the world over to the United States. Who are just who were where the nazis got all their ideas from, explicitly, Hitler was looked at manifest Destiny, was taking notes the whole time. "the thing is is that there's nothing that's inevitable, nothing is inevitable in retrospect when things have solidified into history, you can see why maybe something else couldn't have happened, but those those those superpositions don't solidify until the moment of action, until things occur that can that can that can be looked back on." " so like the degree to which people turn marxism into a teleology of enevitable victory, which I think honestly is more of a 20th century thing than a thing people still think, uh, that was a way to to justify themselves, to justify their actions, to justify their adherence to uh, a regime as like the soul uh uh repository of you, like the of socialism is a project. There's no inevitability to any of this, but there is within like when within capitalism, there is the potential for socialism, that's just the fact, that's the truth, and then you have to analyze that question, and okay, if you, if that's true and socialism is superior, then how do we fucking get there, you cannot assume the inevitability of anything. They didn't have the spectrum of catastrophic climate collapse, but they did have a real belief that they were all going to get killed in a nuclear war, people forget that, like people want to be doompeled now about like climate, there was for the among educated people in the all of the world, there was a very strong belief that any given day uh, a nuclear war might happen that would destroy all life on earth, and that now is so receeded into the backdrop of people's minds and been replaced with climate dumorism, that the fact that this thing that was very close, i mean it wasn't just the cuban missile crisis, there's abel archer, there's i mean there were two soviet uh military officers who had it in their in their hands to cause nuclear war once during once in the 80's and once during the cuban missile crisis and both times they said no, and their human decision is what saved humanity, it was nothing having to do with our systems of mutually shared destruction and our beautifully crafted uh defense doctrines, it was human choice, it was human agency in the moment, that's how fluid and how contingent things are. Petrus and of course it could happen and honestly it'd be kind of funny if we end up getting a nuclear war anyway due to climate change conflict, that's totally possible, but that sure shit wasn't what people in like 1963 were thinking was gonna happen, i think i'm just saying that to to say that that. basing your actions in the present on an assumed social outcome either good or bad in the future is always going to just end up being in practice uh self-indulgence because you're you're at you're not responding to reality you're making a reality to operate off of and the question is are you make what are you making that reality for, and I think if you're assuming annihilation, the only reason that you would want to make that reality and live as that reality is, if you want an excuse, you want an excuse to not do things that are difficult, to not sacrifice, to not build your spirit, because what's the point? but every day you do that, and you're still here, you're hurting yourself and everyone around you, we are in fact already dead, I mean like we're we all died already. like your life in the grand scheme of things is is a round down to zero, like it's already happened, and this society is already dead, but what comes after it is not known, it can't be now. It's not black pill god damn it, I'm saying you can't know, you cannot know, but if you if you sell yourself, you do, it's not because you've studied everything and you've come to the correct conclusion, because you don't have enough information, nobody has that information, that information is not accessible, no matter how much the fantasy of online uh uh of the of the information super highway and spinning around the world and the idea that you can reach out and grab all the knowledge and pull it under yourself. even if you could do that, you still have to sort it, you still have to prioritize it, and those choices are not being made objectively, they're being made from either love, either from a desire to to see love expressed in the world, or out of a desire to selfishly maintain a a life of of indulgence, whatever that means cuz you know you can, it could be miserable, but it's be a misery that is familiar and therefore soothing and comforting. oh and on this somebody asked about anti-natalism uh, i i am fully against that, you have to believe in a future, even if it's not going to happen, you have to believe in a future. if you don't want kids fucking because you don't like the idea of sacrificing time for someone else okay, but acting like you're doing them a favor by not bringing it in the world is bullshit, i'm sorry, yeah first reformed is a great film and a movie i didn't really appreciate uh as much when i first. saw it because of how emeshed I was in the very pathologies that uh Ethan Hawk's character presents uh like he's going to blow up the coke brothers but not because he wants it's going to make anything better it's because he wants to go out on his own terms it's because he has given up on on connecting to anyone or anything outside of himself but of course that doesn't mean anyone is obligated to have kids like fucking freak psychos like rous dthit think, but if the choice needs to be, it needs to be interrogated at the personal level, not fobbed off on some h cack-handed and self-serving analysis of the geopolitical world or the amount of fucking carbon in the atmosphere, that's made up, that's not real. Carbon is not made up, but your idea of what's going to happen is made up, I'm sorry, has to be, you don't know as much as you think you do, I don't, none of us do, besides, we might not even have to work. about the question of having kids, if if that shit about fucking like plastic fucking up endocrine systems is is if that if that keeps happening at the rate it is, then you don't even have to make the choice, everyone will just be sterililized, children of men style, and then hey that'll solve global warming, so then what were you worried about? buse like there you go, there's two things that you could look at the... data and they're both very compelling cases for human extinguishment through climate change and also the fact that we might not be able to uh reproduce in 20 years because everybody's balls are filled with fucking uh microplastic, both very compelling, you can fixate out both of them, you can't know either way, and they conflict with one another, one of them could solve the other problem, either way, you still got to fucking live, you still got to be alive. Nobody should be telling people to have children or not have children, that's weird, what, who are you? shut the fuck up, that's just a weird thing to make political, and it speaks more to some sort of psychosexual thing, honestly or or or a compensatory. thing than uh than any real earnest good faith and engagement with politics. now maybe the the garbage, the the the elg bloom will eat all the CO2, you know. I think the most important thing to just remember about all that stuff is that you cannot filter your underlying spiritual attitude, your underlying uh matrix uh of reward from your analysis. All right, I'm going to wrap it up, so next week, I'm going to read.... the we're going to read the next two chapters, chapters two and three of reconstruction, i will have some notes this next time, which i didn't do this time, sorry about that, so we're going to go through it because i'm reading it on my phone actually, i've got the kindle app on my phone, which means i can't look at it when i'm talking here, so i'm going to have to start taking notes, a thing i didn't really realize until today, which uh my bad, but so chapters two and three for next week, reconstruction by Eric fanner, bye bye