 I got to give credit to Chris on that one, I'm a... huge cake fan, but it never occurred to me to really have a theme song for these, and uh, he not only said, hey, you should have a theme song, but he also suggested it be comfort eagle by cake, which is just the absolute perfect song, more evidence that uh, that chris is just a a production, a production savant, savant at every level, he he knows what, what is called for in any given moment, and i expect him a great deal because of that, you know, That's the song, we're building a religion, we are building it bigger, we are widening the corridors and adding more lanes, how are you guys doing? is everyone okay with Roy chi Biv dying? is everyone okay with the visible light spectrum being uh dying of i don't know what it was, it probably wasn't anything good. I have to say what I find it most what I find most sort of scintillating about it honestly is that this is a thing everyone said was going to happen right? I mean obviously it's not that hard to predict that an 87 year old woman with pancreatic cancer might die at any moment but her dying right before the election was considered one of those LOL, wouldn't it be crazy if that happened type intensifier scenarios that people would like to make like jokingly predict, and it happened, which just makes me wonder, have we reached the point where we have so far exceeded our capacity to exaggerate the current moment that we are no longer going to be able to uh be surprised in that everything that is going to happen is going to be something that we said was going to happen, and something, this is the important part, terrible. in some sense or another, like some further intensification of the process of monstrosity and horror, not in a positive direction, like I don't think her dying as some disaster, I mean, it depends, I guess, but the Supreme Court is going to become, I mean, either the supreme court becomes irrelevant in the next 20 years, or it doesn't matter. so I have a hard time caring too much honestly, because if the Supreme Court still exists in this current form and is still able to exert its current level of influence and control and veto power over our fucking uh legislative process in 20 years it won't fucking matter who's in it, it won't matter if it's uh if judge Janene Piero is on there or it's a it's judge fucking wopner. but far beyond any inflection point of any of these systems having any actual democratic content, it'll just be a full puppet show, to to to put a a rubber stamp, a administrator for ever stamp on whatever monstrosity is currently occurring, so the Supreme Court is going to be beside the point very quickly, it's either going to be, it's going to be neutralized somewhere or another, I'm not talking about like violently, I'm seeing... that it will no longer hold the position it currently does in the American electoral, in the American uh political process, this absurd creation, this this fantasy, this submerged uh superego uh, one of the most amazing pits of of ideological affiscation ever carried off is is is perpetuating the notion that there is an impartial judiciary that could be constituentitive of a political process the way that our judiciary is, that it can be independent. of politics, it was always an absurdity, the 2000 uh race and bush v gore should have in the right mind of any human being destroyed it once and for all as even a fantasy, but it's still there in kicking because we don't have an alternative to it, it is too disturbing to consider the possibility that this thing is political, because if this thing is political, then we have to fight over it politically, and that means the norms have to go, that means the norms have to go, and that means our deference to the court is an institution has to go, that's liberals will never do that, because if people don't have faith in the fucking legis uh the judiciary, why the hell would they have faith in the democratic party? they serve the same purpose, they serve the same purpose to to make it impossible to use the instruments of government that we have, the instruments of democratic accountability we have to actually impose any democratic fucking accountability on anybody. has the supreme court changed structurally? yes, they've added court members in the past. "first thing the republicans did when they took power uh after Lincoln's election was to expand the size of the court, FDR famously threatened to do it, didn't do it, but what people forget is that one of the reasons he didn't do it is that he ended up not having to do it because all of the uh cases that had been uh the cases uh challenging the constitutionality of the new deal, which was why he originally threatened to pack the court was because they were essentially trying to judicially veto the..." entire thing, these decrepit old fossils, these reaccionaries uh, but all it took was a credible threat to pat the court, and all of a sudden these same guys started declaring uh, different elements of the new deal constitutional, because he knew that FDR was willing and able to check them, and that is why they're going to fucking they're going to confirm this psychover it is, is it Cody Bryant, kobeant? her name, Cody Barret, another one of these opost day psycho-catholics uh, whoever she is, she'll be, she'll be uh, even if they lose the senate and it would be even funnier if they do lose the senate, they're going to fucking push you through in the in the lame duck, and the reason that you the only reason you wouldn't do that if you're the republicans is well they'll get in there and they'll just uh undo it by adding seats or something, they know they're not going to do that, they know they're not going to do it, and if you know what your opponent won't do, then you can do anything, because if they will respect norms, no matter how much you violate them, then you have no threat of ever having uh your violation of norms punished, which means it will be never be in a incentive for you to stop doing it, that's why liberals love to talk about decency and people's like beliefs, because that's the only thing that could realistically inhibit, the republicans are doing whatever they want, because they know the democrats won't follow suit, that's that's that's still true to this day, but it's a truth they don't want out there, they want people to believe that these norms are inviolable, that they are real, that someone has to uphold them even if it won't be the republicans. because if they are not, if they are not inviolate, if those norms don't mean anything, if we really are in a struggle of raw power, raw political power, then what the fuck do we need the democratic party for? they would never do it, so they're going to they're going to do it, they're going to put on the 63, they're going to finally uh un unbalance the... for it, they're going to do it, what did Tim Kain say? what did Tim Kain and the membrane say? i bet he said something about appealing to their decency or that they wouldn't uh, they wouldn't lower themselves to the republicans, they wouldn't roller themselves to actually seek power, but of course this is not them being pussies and this is not being the... being hypocrites, they do not want to exercise power, the their their role in the system is to provide a a a a a an outlet for frustration with the with the current system, which which the republican party does too, uh, the question, the difference is is that the democratic party has a base who, if organized along their actual interests would be a threat to the status quo, democrats existing. make sure that never happens, that's all they're there to do, they're not there to govern, they never really govern, republicans always govern, even when democrats are in charge. uh hey here we go uh i am now union steward because of you guys and i just struck down my first right up and told the store manager to go fuck themselves felt incredible to wield some power and actually do good for a fellow worker hell yeah that's great to hear. Yeah, man, there's any hope it's going to be people having enough of those interactions to tell them on who deir enemy is and to what they could do about it, and workplaces are going to be the battleground for that, which is why I really do think that big box retailers are where it's at in terms of organizing, like in terms of jobs people could get and do and actually maybe contribute to a a labor movement working in a fucking big box retailer. uh and and then trying to make connections in there, I think that's something worth doing, I think that's worth if anyone is looking for a job and like needs to work or sick of the job they have, wants something to do to feel useful, maybe they could try that, but of course it all matters what your specific circumstances are, so I couldn't say that to any specific person to do that. I shant be talking about the sexy octopus, no, no, thank you. I saw an RBG uh shrine in a park not far from me, so he had a sign, they had like a candle with an RBG written on it, t-shirt, just yikes, we really are man, we are pringles in a can, we are medieval peasants after they've been pushed through. a fucking manufacturing process when they're cut when they're spin spin peeled and diced up and added with like pressed rice sweepings and peanut shells and fucking uh msg and ms13 and a fucking uh some sort of monstrous flavor uh amelgum created in a new Jersey laboratory and then put into a fucking tennis b uh and then pump out, that's us, just like in instinctive, superstitious worship of our betters, because we don't know where we are without them, because we never, we went from having totally embedded social order almost overnight to having none at all, and so what was there instead was this fucking this mediated space, this new thing, this world that is not the world, that is a representation of the world, and that stands in for the world, where you can invest emotional uh, power and and meaning and derive meaning and and it created its own economy based on it, and the people we see are more real to us than the people around us, we feel them more, we feel for them deeper, we extend our empathy to them more, and then they take. and then we get a religious almost religious impression on them as redeemers as redeemers of our of our wayward lives, trump, rbg, all part of it, this peasantry, just enthrolled peasantry. I wouldn't be surprised if you get a few more iterations of Q and on they start saying that Donald Trump's touch will cure your scrofula and that like if you dig up RBG and and like sleep. with her finger bone under your bed that uh that your pluricy will clear up and why not i mean the medieval people had nothing right medieval people had like if they got sick they were fucked what somebody's going to wrap some cow shit in a fucking leaf to your face and hope the swelling goes down you're probably fucked now what are you going to go to the doctor if you're sick how much is that going to cost? and then if you do go, you're just trading one malady for another, why not instead try to find a cures from the mouths of the saints, the sacr the sacrament, the sacred language of your of your god heads, so when Trump tells you to take hydrochloric win, you go and do it, someone is uh singing oddly in this back area. It's a sort of a, it's honestly sort of a, it's a little unnerving, it's a little children, children of the corn, maybe the maybe people are wailing for RBG. Ted Kennedy in 1980s someone asks about uh that's a very interesting race uh more than anything it's just it's just proof of a historical cycle it's true like Carter is one of those presidents who was presiding over a realigment and that was... was going to cause a reaction to the old from the old guard, and and and Teddy was the last gasp of the new deal left, it was the last, it was the forlor hope to regain the party from the new from the from the watergate kids, from the atari uh uh neolips, but he didn't uh really pursue it with a lot of vigor and he certainly he didn't embody it in a in a becuse he's not. isn't a great politician, Teddy Kennedy, he's he didn't really had, he was riding on the fumes, I mean the fact that he's considered a lion really is just a reflective of how shitty his next generation of Kennedis was, he was clearly the least of the Kennedis, and he'd had of course chapaquic and that didn't fucking help, there was a huge uh expos about chapaitic that aired on national television in the like right before, I think right before he declared and it helped kill his fucking polling numbers. I mean he fucking had a lady, he killed the lady, and even if he didn't kill her, he acted with amazing and kind of aw disgusting lack of chivalry. I mean, I, I mean, yes, yes, that's a loaded concept in sexist, but we're talking about the late 60s, early 70s, people still believed in that stuff, at least they more than they do now, and like best case scenario is this guy just swam away from a sinking car sinking into a river and left the woman who was also in the car, just drown, didn't help her, like... go down trying to save her, at the very least you can judge him as a as a as a poldren, but of course then there's all the other questions of why was he driving with this woman, it wasn't his wife at late at night, what was going on there, very puzzling, and then uh fucking cardinal spellman, the local catholic archbishop, he gets uh the capekni family, the family of the victim who were good catholics, he got them to not have a not have cuuse she wouldn't have wanted it, oh she wouldn't have wanted all to bother, just all to understand, oh it's very troubling what's happened here, we we all want to be able to pray and be with Jesus, and we don't want to be open her up to some sort of medical procedure, oh no, oh that wouldn't want, that's not what Mary would want, yeah, I mean like talk about chivelry, it was fucking camelot, like like Lancelot. doesn't do that shit, galah doesn't do that shit, they don't run away from the green night, that was a good accent, shut up, uh, someone says I'm the master, pissing off British islanders with moderately good accents, I would agree. only I would say excellent accents. I know for a fact, these people just like to they're proprietary over their stupid accents. Oh, I don't sound like that. You do, and you know how you can tell cuz I remember the people when fargo came out around me. saying that that wasn't how people sounded and I'm like, motherfucker, you shut your mouth, that's exactly what people sound like, they might, it's like you, the only difference between really living in the midwest and fargo is essentially, it's not that they sound different, it's that fewer people you meet are going to sound that way, like living in Wisconsin or Minnesota, you only might meet like a couple of people, you might only see a couple people in a day who sound like that, you know, or unless you have a family where everybody sounds like that. the ambient midwesterner, you got like a one and five chance, someone's going to sound like that, in the movies it's almost everybody, that's unrealistic, but of course that's also art, that's also you know exaggerating for effect, the accent itself is flawless, that's what they sound like, but i only really sound like that, i only really sound like that when i'm drunk, and i don't have it that bad anyway, i i don't have as dramatic. and that's the other thing is that there's degrees, but the people who sound like that sound like that, shut up, everyone freaking shut up, shut up, shut up, it's good, shut up, it's good, they're great, they're great, they're all flawlessly good, shut up, so I guys, I'm about halfway through cloud splitter here, which I read from the other day, the Russel Bank. book, that's an episolary novel, it's the recollections of Owen, Owen Brown, the one surviving son of John Brown, who escaped from Harper's fairy and was not uh hanged, uh, and I have to recommend it a great deal, because not only is it very well written and it's very you, evocative of the time and place, uh, it could not be more relevant to what we've been talking about on the stream, because "i've talked about about how alien John brown is to us, how his his his way of seeing the world is one that we cannot replicate if we try, we could not imbu the world with the moral certainty that he did, we could not imbu it with the spiritual depth that he did, and so it's hard for us to understand him as a person, and the the premise of this book, and it operates i think from the premise that hey, owen was owen Brown ran away, he didn't, he didn't go to the gallos willingly like his father did, because there was a point during harper's ferry when they could have escape escaped when they could have gone back across the border and they chose not to john brown said no this is it we're making the stand and Owen Brown later escaped taking that is like the basic idea it it it operates from the perspective of a character who is a modern character like Owen Brown the whole the whole uh premise of the book really is Owen Brown trying to live in the shadow of and and in the influence of and in the direct like austra countenance of this biblical figure while being a a a a modern desacralized secular uh being, an uncertain man, the man the man for whom, the post God is dead, niche character, the the man, the rope and the abys. um and it's about how someone like that operates in the orbit of a uh of a pre-modern figure like Brown whose spiritual sense is so deeply felt because this character Owen Brown he has the same beliefs as John Brown about slavery right, he is totally absorbed his father's worldview about the necessity to destroy slavery. and the equality of blacks with whites, but what he doesn't have is the religious faith that can undergirded it, and that's essentially the role of all of us, or a large percentage of us, is that we have these things we know are true, and these horrors, these moral horrors that are before us, but we do not fire them with a religious conviction, there's no, there's no uh flames under the pot to get the fucking steam going through the engine. And this book is about how this guy, Owen Brown essentially like talks himself into being this figure and body and do and pursuing the same course and and carrying out the same radical action as his father without the religious conviction, talking himself into it as a post-modern a post-modern really subject because the book is written obviously in the 20th. It's called cloud splitter because that's the name of a mountain in the adarondax that f. the uh property that they lived in in the 1850s when Brown went to supervise uh a a free slave uh freeed slave uh farming community that Garret Smith a very well-known uh and very rich abolitionist had uh set up in the aterondax but uh a cloud splitter for me is is is a perfect name too, i i was wondered why i i've owned this book for years and moved around the country and never opened it and then finally reading it, i was kind of wondered, it's like what's that's kind of an odd title, now that i know what it means i get it, because that's the figure of brown, brown is again splitting the clouds, the clouds of of self-aware uncertainty, the cloud of unbelief, the cloud of and and and what i'm realizing reading this is like obviously that is usually understood as like a lack of religious belief like in a supernatural or in god, but I think it's more a lack of belief in in uh, a lack of belief in the there being something outside of us, you know, that and and John Brown felt that as God, as like as the biblical god, but so did many people, many people who love slavery and said it was positive good, who could ignore the the reality in front of them, but that's because there could God was this uh false conception, this this mamon figure, like a disguised pagan god that they could confused with with Jehovah uh, but but brown worshiped the real god, which was universal oneness, which was the in his bones understanding that everyone was of the same material, meaning that there is one soul and that that soul is god's. that might not have been how he thought of it. he thought of it in terms of the Bible, but that's how he felt it, that's how he felt his beliefes, and the problem for people like Owen Brown and for us is that we can have those beliefs, we can have an an intellectual understanding of the interconnectiveness of all, like Bernie like to say, we are all in this together, we can know why that's true from a from the perspective of uh of utilitarianism or or or just... good old fashion like logic, it makes the most sense for us to to to uh to uh cooperate instead of compete cuz it's more efficient, but we don't have a deeper sense that the other is us, we don't have that sense of imminence of unity, which brown called God, but which we could call anything, but what we have to call it something, and it's the lack of that that makes us all Owen Browns, so it's very clear in the book that if Owen Brown had not had his father, uh, he would have been lost, even as much as he shafed at uh, being under his father's bridle and and and bit out the the spit the bit that was placed in his mouth, and couldn't accept the religious, and often would, at the end he went where his father went and he did what his father did, because he knew the greater rightness of him because of of how it emated from his father, how he embodied virtue in such a complete way. that it meant that his aims had to be virtuous, but once again that's convincing yourself, it's not believing from your own sense, it's not feeling for yourself, it's thinking your way there, and that's what we're all doing is trying to think our way there, and we have to keep thinking our way there, but we have to add the fire, we have to get a fire going to get the smoke moving through the machine, and it can't, I don't think it's going to be conventional. It's going to be syncretic of the current culture and it's going to be universal because it has to be, because universality is its essential recognition. I i said that I would be trski to braces lenin for sure, I would be honored, although like I said, I think that might be too high. by a claim, also I don't want to end up getting an ice pick in the head. You now it's fun. you could almost say that uh, the way that the US got the ended slavery was essentially the PMC libs uh getting common cause. with the working-class uh uh racist maga guys of the north by appealing to their material interests because northern opposition to slavery increased significantly in the lead up to the war and was one of the chief contributors to the war breaking out. southerners freaked out and thought that the north was going to limit slavery because northern voters became more and more... uh opposed to it, the driving force for that was not the abolitionist agitations of the uh of the middle class abolitionists who mostly wrote to each other in their little communities of well-off quakers and the like uh the the the working classes of the north were largely disconnected from this media, they didn't consume it, they weren't aware of it, they had their own problems to fight off fight, they were hard scrabbling their own life in the... wilderness or they were uh making their own lives in the in the hectic satanic mills of the cities, but as as slavery was brought to the forefront of American politics, the question of how how the future of the country would be divided became the chief argument point and it was whether the uh coming in territories that came with manifest destiny and mentioned to the edge of the colony of the continent, how would those be distributed? would those places have slavery or freedom? because as northern workers understood it, you could not compete as a free worker or a free farmer with slave labor, and that was fine as long as it was only in the south, let the southerners worry about it, but if the frontier which is where we're all expecting either ourselves to go or our kids to go to maintain that sense of American momentum and movement towards destiny, the... dream that we're all fixated on, even at this point, we have to imagine the future where our children will be able to succeed, but if the fucking frontier is slavery, we will not be able to compete, and that that fear drove working class opposition to slavery, more so than abolition, but the two worked in concert, they both on the question of expansion of slavery into the colonies, they were able to work in concert to create a coalition, a political coalition around something called... Republican party that was able to answer that was able to assimilate democratic like democratic party uh large d- democratic party concerns about uh about yomanry and about working people uh and slavery as a labor issue but also accommodated the whole breath of abolitionist middle class sentiment and that created a a the first serious channel to slave power in America since since that had emerged into the as a key influence or political events in the 1820s, and then together those forces brought to bear on the south and destroyed it. the hope was that the crucible of that war would have created a durable multiracial working class conception where the the destruction of slavery in destroying slavey. because the thing is one part of it happened in destroying slavery, northerners got more abolitionist, they they saw the ending slavery as a key war aim, as more people died, the stakes got higher emotionally, and there had to be a deeper reason than keeping the union together to justify that by the end of the war, especially in the army, there was a deep conviction among a significant amount of the the the troops and people at home, who sent radical republicans back to Congress in huge numbers in the years to come, that'... Ending the slavery was a war aim and therefore there was some obligation to the former slaves. If that had been added, that sentiment had been admixed with this new political force of free slaves and even the landless southern whites who could have been offered an a share of their own out of a redistribution of of the accumulated uh wealth of the planter class who would have been fully expropriated. You might have actually had a meaningful reconstruction, but what you need for that, you would have needed also to have seen capitalism overthrown in the north, because the need for profit guaranteed that the social relations in the south would return to their extractive uh pre-antebelum structures, because the factories of the north, the factories of Manchester needed raw cotton, needed cheap cotton, get it. going, that means keep the found, keep the plantations intact, and either give them give them back to the old owners or let northern speculators buy them, but get it moving again. Of course, one of the big things that made that impossible was the death of Abraham Lincoln and the by the and the presidenty of Andrew Jackson, Andrew Johnson, like I, I can't stress enough, the lack of contingency, when you talk about history at the level of like presidents, there is so little actual agency these motherfuckers hold, they are able to exercise what seemed to be huge powers, but within a very narrow aperture, and the narrowing of that aperture. is real politics, that's the real shape of things, the shape of presidential power is is is is this warped in diminished reflection, it's like a quarter moon, that looks like it's all thing, and but all that dark stuff, that's what makes puts it there, it can't be moved in this in this metaphor, but man, lincoln, one of our most consequential. as a person, like his his his leadership, almost impossible to imagine anyone else doing that job at that moment, and then impossible to imagine a worse transition than at that moment him being replaced by that man, perhaps the single least well-fitted man, except maybe john Wilks Booth to have that fucking job at that time, a a bitter, angry, wildly uh, alcoholic and... paranoid uh cracker asshole who whose opposition to the confederate cause was entirely premised on a weird fixation on like national unity which is just weirder than loving slavery honestly like what the hell why you care that bad he was the only official from elected official from a state that succeeded who stayed loyal which is why they put him on the ticket as a gesture towards national unity, but like racist even for the time, but mostly hated the planters because he was never rich enough to have slaves, he was like a he was a tailor. Why would I talk about birding? I'm not a birder, have I given indication that I'm a birder? Very odd, the things people assume. I like birds, they're okay, uh, I saw an oreo the other day, that was cool. Is it right here? what is it? where is it? where is the guy? is he gone? Now uh, somebody just said that Lincon should have let the south go uh, I'd say no to that for a million reasons, but I think the most salient one is that it doesn't even work as what these people think it is, which is the harm reducer, oh slavery was going to die out anyway by the end of the 20th century, maybe although there's like a if the south advance, if the if the confederacy advances south, you know, and and increases slave territory, does that delay like the abolition of slavery in Brazil? it's it's an open question, i'd say if it was even, but you know, like i said, it's not likely they would have won, but if they had been let to leave, like they're suggesting, they could have done that, uh, but they would have gone to war eventually, they could not have cohabitated, that it was not built to last, they were going to go hammer and tongs. and uh nipping the bud was the best fucking move at that point, is he can you see him or is it just the sound? i don't see a bird, you guys see a bird? name five birds, we've already named a oreal and a bluebird, uh, robin. Grouss and the seagull damn these questions are easy, you guys are giving me an easy time today. the anarchist jurisdiction thing, it's just all election year, it's just election bullshit, they're just trying to maintain height in the contradiction, the social conflict and keep everybody riled up, just bang and banging a banging a trash can over somebody's head, that's what all that shit is. like all this like all that stuff that freaks people out, also like the Trump thing about like promoting patriotic education and stuff, it's all paper pushing, it's just it's all symbolic, it's like the executive orders i'm gna make sure that the the everyone in all of the departments make sure there's no transgendered stuff going on in any of our trainings, it's like it's just a thing for some to click on, it's just an action item for some bureaucrat to go through, i mean if it has an effect it's very uh tertiary, but it's effect on the political discourse of like hypercharging the the the the the cycle of of take and countertake and and an outraged reaction and counterreaction, that's that is what it does, that's the purpose of it. Uh, somebody asked what I'd like Rick Pearlstein to write about next, that's a good question. I would kind of be interested in seeing him uh, go and do like a a maybe a biography of a local political figure or or like a regional, some provincial figure, you know, sort of like a Robert Carrow uh, uh uh, Robert Carrow uh, this book about uh the power the power broker, i was planking on the name, the one about Robert Moses, but but somebody like that, that'd be interesting, like a senator or he's got some really good sketches of senators in his in the book like Richard Russel. I would like to buy quibby, 10 minute just quick bits, quick bits, like devinchi code, oh god, these people, it's amazing what they're doing with their money, frank Rizo would be good, although I think there's a recent Frank Rizo biography, so that might be well troed ground now, maybe somebody who's like a more his hour. jarvis might be interesting, he has some good stuff about Jarvis, but yeah anytime these people anytime they tell you you need rich people at the top of this income distribution to direct resources rationally, look at fucking Quibby, it's like quick bites. I believe christian Stewart did cheat on Robert Pattenson and I understand why Donald Trump was so upset because she really she proved that she was not loyal and that she cheat on him like a dog and she did so they probably weren't meant for each other. Someone wants me, somebody wants an explanation for Normies on the concept of alienation. I mean, I think it the simplest you just say like, okay, like if you've got a job, do you do it on, whose terms are you doing it on? basically, how are you spending your time? Who is, who is determining what you do with your time during the day? and think about the things it takes for you to live in a day, like the the food you have to consume and you know uh, things like that, and how connected you are to the act of doing them. you know, think about what what what what what it would be to own one's own time and labor by and compare it to what you actually experience your life to be, and like what is the difference? what is the gap here? and you can say that's alienation, that is that is being forced to participate in a system where you are, in order to maintain sustenance as a human, instead of being able to gather it for yourself and make of make your own means of subsistance, you in order to subside, you must engage in a market transaction and give your time and labor to someone else for their disposession, the stuff you do and the stuff that they get for it is theirs to work with and theirs to give you to the extent that they are forced to. uh somebody said with it. communism require a buddhist mindset. I don't know if I would say that narrowly, I would just say that I think it would require a preponderance of people living under it to have a spiritual relationship with the world around them in a way that reflected the lived experience of life under communism, would allow it to flourish, because our monstrous liver die ethics and metaphysics are dictated by the terms of our traumatizing. exploited life in capitalism and as all systems before did reflect the traumatiz traumatizing horrors of their particular forms of production, but at certain point we you reach an equilibrium where where the ego instead of gathering itself in in self-defense, loses the sense of fear, loses the sense of loss, loses the threat and begins to roll out. and encompass others, and once that becomes generalizable, you have some sort of religious faith, you have some sort of undergirding in uh uh validation of the order of society, that's what what you'd have to have to have any kind of withering away of the state, because people would be self- motivating, not just to work, but to work for a general good, and then you wouldn't be, and that's the point where you wouldn't have prisons. That's the point where you wouldn't have police, but it would only exist if there is a uh social context that allowed for those feelings to kindle instead of beaten down and destroyed and turned into self-seeking uh misery, which is what our system now produces in its citizens. so yeah, it's it's there's going to be, it's going to be religious in some way, but I just don't think it's anything, any reactionary religious formation will be able to make the jump to universal underpinnings the way that it will need to, because like, I'm sorry, those abrahamic faiths, as much as they claim universality, the non the derivative ones anyway, they they they are not in practice, they they see others as has enemies in the shmidian sense and that means that they cannot be equal no matter what they think of theologically the equality of people and I don't see any way that those formations can be credibly altered given how brittle they are and how deeply tied into their two existing systems of exploitation that they are. It'll be something new. It'll be, it'll be off the hook though, that's for sure. There are some people who are just psychos, there are psychos, but they in a healthy society, they are an irritant, they don't run everything, which is what we have, not only is it like uh selected for among our citizens, it's fucking selected for at the toppest, the highest levels of power, because only people who have... the highest level of responsibility, and that doesn't mean that it brainwashes people, it means it selects people for those jobs and then they brainwash themselves, and the less resistance there is the beginning, the easier it is to slip into, so the system literally produces and reproduces and rewards psychopathy as opposed to a system that isolates it and neutralizes it by god giving people that ability to seek that much power in the first place, and to not have them, and to not have people experience. enough trauma in life to to push them towards those ethics, which is another driver. someone ask what my favorite harry turtledov novel is, and that's funny because i only ever read one series and i can't even think of them of separate books, it's the it's the uh timeline 191 series that starts with the south winning the civil war and... ends with the United States defeating the Confederacy, which is now basically Nazi Germany in World War II. I never read guns in the south because from what I understood, Lee is too sympathetic a character for me to not get annoyed the whole time. some of these things read like lyrics to a new verse of we didn't start the fire, i got one. is it arable arab Russia oil dispute need an esoteric nustic mystic font, capital can't fly out of America, we make the money, we make the money, nobody can fly from us, not yet, we'll see how that lasts though. I can do accents and I can sing, thank you very much. Who'll be the next, who'll be the first Q&- on presidential candidate? I would say that if my theory of the my pillow guy is the next republican nominee, it's because he is the one who rides the queue train, and he seems like the exact type of guy who could do it too, because he is the the the precise type of person who becomes a queuead, he is, he is a uh a guy who's had some rough times in. life is is is basically economically secure and is deeply religious in that specific American evangelical way whereby God does everything for you where you are the center of the universe, it's it's and that's like those are the people who go to queue because they see the signs and they think it's God's working through the hands of man and he's doing he could do the same thing so if my pillow guy becomes the queue guy, he could get, he could write it that way, that's how he could neutralize Tucker and everybody else, amyce criticized the idea of logging off on a podcast, you don't say, the most logged on person. in human history, the person who's been logged on so long, they've decided that online is reality, and that these social clicks that she observes online, are the new class structure of the world, thinks that logging off is uh bad, no, I'm not surprised to hear that, I'm not surprised. and it's like if you believe that, if you are one of these people who's decided, no, no, no, no, the PMC is the real ruling class, even though they have no real, they're not even close to the fucking means of production. they're not within a country mile the means of production, no no they're the new working class because online has recreated reality or something and it's all disconnected, but this is where the real action is, just coincidentally this is where i live and this is the only place that makes sense to me, and going anywhere and doing anything else feels too uh spiky and and and dangerous because i've smoothed my brain of any ability to to engage with the wider world around me without being wildly upset by it, if you want to believe that you can, i just dis agree and at that point i just have to say good day, i'm not going to argue the point because it's just operating from counian incommenserability. laura liny putting the chaco book up, that's something because one 100% not an accident, that the way that stuff was put there, that was a message, you know it's going to be in the frame, it's you're they're shooting you, so someone in that family wanted that to be in there, and if it's Laura Linny, that'd be wonderful, I think she's a delight, I've always been a fan, she's very good on uh on uh Ozark, and she's still a dime, I remember a couple years ago. I actually had a thought, I haven't seen Lauraline in anything in a while, why hasn't she been acting? And then that week, I might even been the same day. I sat down in the movie theater to watch the second live action Michael Bay produced Teenageton Ninja Turtles movie, out of the Shadows and she showed up as a cop interrogating the turtles in a police uh sweat box and going not like this, like the like the person from that person from Matrix, not like... this, but now she's got a good show, she's on a good show, she's had me nominated, i'm very happy for and i was very tickled to see that, of course i've seen congo, i saw congo in the theater is a wii shaver. uh, Amy love, lemon drink, Amy love, drink, Amy, gorilla, uh, Laura Linny at one point cuts up a bunch of evil gray cannibal apes with a fucking diamond powered laser. It's not a good movie by any stretch, but it's entertaining enough. Tim Curry, all-time accent work iska. Also, by the way, uh, uh, Delroy Lindo, doing great african guy accent. uh, stop eating my sesame cake, everybody had a lot of fun, oh my god, fucking Ernie Hudson doing a British accent, everyone was having fun, and oh, and joe don Baker head like the fucking moon, just a sweaty slab of Smithfield ham screaming about, this satellite is our cash cow, in two years in Joey pants, the last guy went in there with Robinson Reinalds when it came out of somebody's ball movement. thoughts on Yakov Smearenoff, well Soviet Russia, Yak Smironov has thoughts about you, he was a formative figure of my life as a young man, I mean he was a, he was on night court a lot, I remember that, Harry help me, and I remember watching one of his uh Brandson specials just for the reaction shots of his crowd, there's amazing people watching, he's still. up there apparently, he retired from having his theater, but he still does shit, and he's apparently very mad about the masks as you could imagine, buse he didn't fucking come to this country from Russia to wear fucking masks, that's what they do, that's what the soviets did. I saw the lady with the cock on her face, the cock on her on her mask, the magga lady, there's a lot of psychology going on with these people, it's it's getting out of hand, it's spilling all over us, we we are we are, we are overlibidnalizing politics. It's she's going to blow as they say, I mean it's just too much, she can't handle it, captain, we can't put this much of our fucking energy into politics, it's going to drive us insane, especially since all we're supposed to do every day, every is what, vote every four years and then post about it, yeah, now people are going to start popping, heads are going to start popping like fucking grapes and then you're going to see mass shootings and and weird political stunts and violence for sure, but it'll all be this uncoordinated fractal behavior, like like a viral pathology just snapping through the the uh the population, lighting up the most febral tend uh tendrerals at the top of like the process. my battery is going down, i better better uh wrap her up soon, maybe i'll ask as see if there's one more question, i've not had the mcdonald's spicy nuggets yet, i really do want to try them, really want to try them, for the good bill lookly says a good and his word is bond. Well they aren't as good as I think. Well, I mean, they're mcdonald's, they're not going to be great. We have to adjust our our expectations accordingly. We shouldn't be going around expecting transcendence when it's not to be found. We need to go, if we want transcendence we have to search for it. Don't try to trick ourselves into thinking that that the Mundaine is actually the the the transcendent because it's what we have access to, because you're. yourself and in the end you will come to it will taste like ashes in your mouth, you have to seek, you always have to seek, i've not had the travis scott meal and i don't think i will, i don't even get the quarter pounder, i got the big mac, this person gets buffalo chicken tenders at culvers, you're getting chicken tenders at clover's home of the butterburger god. what a uh what a country ruffian you are sir, butterburger, what doesn't make sense about those two words? chicken tenders are never your first option at any place, bone in is the is the superior bird in every respect, chicken tenders are only to be for. stud in the absence of an alternative and in the presence of a substantial sauce and covers is not known for their sauces, what they got mayonnaise and fucking ketchup, they don't have some special sauce like raison canes does, you people, you nugget people, you nugget and tendy people, you got you seem like children to me, you seem like people. never grew out of the phase of being a little punk looking at the children's menu and getting chicken tenders evolve your palette embrace the dark side of the of the meat, the richer textures, the deeper flavors, the superior moistures. Tenders are for babies, get bone in or bone out, that's what I say. I mean, don't you think the fact that the grown people call them tendies is a tipoff? They call, they're like little, they they talk like a baby when they're talking about them. and you know what, KFC tried to do drumsticks like five years ago, I don't know if anyone remembers this, it was tied to the super bowl, and in fact this was before Colin Capernic mealed and he was part of the big ad campaign, and they bought a zillion. chicken wings and they're like mcdonald's chicken wings and nobody wanted them and they ended up having a huge backlog of them and then they waited and then they had the promotion again a couple months later with like the prices less to like get rid of all this old frozen chicken and like save some of the loss off of it and i got them both times and i thought they were really good they were spicy they were juicy they i just had the ghost chip ghost pepper uh popies uh wings way too scrawney there there's like they were freaking a pigeon, it was like there's barely any meat on there, these boys were juicy, but nobody liked them, i don't know why, i think there's because mcdonald's they expect certain things and that's too outside the zone, like if they did pizza they'd get the same thing, although apparently there are some individual franchises of mcdonald's that both do fried chicken in the bone and pizza, which is like, i'd like to try that, if i ever find out, if i'm ever near one of those, i would definitely go and get the specialty item. because it'd be interesting, all right guys, i got to go eat now, i'm thinking about those wangs, you got me thinking about those wangs people, thank you for making me think about the damn wings, bye-bye.