 There we go, it's going, we're going, we're going, we're live, we're live guys, I want to say, rip, first and foremost to the moon, which has been really obviously one of the great uh, bodies in the sky, you know, of things to look at, one of the best we've ever had, one of the biggest, the biggest, other than the sun. It's hard to look at the sun cuuse it's so bright, so you could really look at the moon and have a good time, control the tides, made our days slightly longer due to its gravitation, it's a good friend, good companion to the human race and everybody on earth and earth in general, but all must all things must end and apparently the moon is done for, rip, bye-bye, boy, 2020, huh, what a year. what a freaking year, someone should unplug it and plug it back in again, someone should take the damn cartridge out of the machine and blow on it, someone needs to get blowing on the bang machine, because the moon is now dead, killed by tumblr witches, if you'd asked me a few years ago, where do you think i'll be in 2020? I didn't, I don't think I would be quarantined from a pandemic while the moon is being murdered by teenage witches, but you know what, that's the that's the joy of living at the end of history, crazy shit happening, crazy shit's gonna happen, ah. Ah, nice day again, it's been a run of good days here, I've been enjoying it and it hasn't been hot yet, I guess I should knock on wood when I say that, but it's probably going to be a terrible August and September if if past experiences or any indication, but for now it's nice and I'll take it, I'll definitely take it, if more dead moon means a nice uh relatively mild and endurable summer in New York, I'll take it, fuck off moon. you fucking asshole? i was thinking about uh something i said yesterday about um about ideology and how it changes over time and how certain parts of a given political coalition like the republican party is determined by it and and like held by ideology in a way that makes them not necessarily uh uh equipped to understand the world around them that they're supposed to be influencing the events and um but the example that popped up to me reading uh Regan Land was that it and and I had known this like vaguely but reading it and having the details of the whole uh debate spelled out really underlined how big a deal it was when Jimmy Carter was 15 year long, I mean he was just the president when it happened, it's not like he started negotiating a treaty with Panama to return the canal to panamanian control, or hand it over to Panama rather since we we created Panama out of northern Colombia in order to create the canal with like the conivance of the French company, but anyway it was no longer acceptable in the post colonial world for America to control this giant to the middle of this country, this tiny ithmithian country, and there had been years and years of agitation to get us control off of the canal, and it was finally coming to ahead under Carter, and there was a huge popular backlash among conservatives, led by Ronald Reagan, had just lost the presidential nomination to Ford and was looking to run against Carter and 80 and wanted an issue, these people just went nuts about the fucking. when was the last time anyone thought about the Panama Canal not being in American hands because 2000 was the year that it actually was uh was handed over officially, I mean some people get freaked out that it's going to get by china as part of belt and road or something, but you very rarely hear anybody ruing the national humiliation of turning over the canal to uh Panama, that's because it's a stupid thing to care about, and there was, like I was saying, how there's these splits within parties, there was a split within the republican party between the people who are more internationalist in in understanding, understood that the Panama, that the canal was essentially militarily. pointless, it was too small to even move any of our really big uh, like aircraft carriers and stuff, so it couldn't even be strategically useful in the event of a war, uh, and there was the fact that it was becoming wildly unpopular in Panama that we had that canal there, and that after Vietnam, nobody really wanted the countenance, the potential reality of sending in hundreds of thousands of troops to keep the the canal secure, as people got more and more mad at it, there is no reason to keep the canal, and guess what, subsequent years have proven that. No one gives a shit, none of the people who did it at the time care, and that's the thing is that at the top levels, the people who manipulated the Panama Canal issue didn't care about the canal, Ronald Reagan became president just a couple years after this treaty was signed, he didn't fucking rip it up, he didn't say we need to get the canal back, even though he had been hanking his fucking head all over the country, nashing his teeth and he debated William F Buckly about the... now uh, he became president, he didn't give a shit. new Gingrich, when he was still a college professor in Georgia, got his start in politics, organizing a keep the canal committee, and then that's that's what was his spring board to run for congress, he doesn't give a fuck about the Panama Canal, he didn't do anything when he was a speaker of the house to get the canal back, for guys like that, they understand it's an issue, it's an emotional issue. that presses buttons in like the the the the lump and reactionary mind, the the nationalistic uh that that's that whole the whole complex of nationalistic lizard emotions, the idea that we have a canal and it's being taken and it just after vietnam and the 60s and all the traumas and of course the material crisis of the 70s stagflation and energy crisis, uh, no, no, we need to keep the canal, and so people voted on that shit and people wrote letter. and they sent in money, but the people at the top manipulated the canal treaty shit didn't care, they understood it was supposed to be red meat for the roobes. now 40 years later, the people who care about who do the equivalent of caring about the canal and not like the actual important business of maintaining capitalist exploitation and its machinery and tiptok uh fashion, those people are now in charge and they've squeezed out all the old old hands who are like, it's just a it's a point. vestige, it doesn't mean anything, now the canal people are in charge and trump is the head canal person, like he had that interview with Chris Wallas today, and his his understanding of issues is precisely as at the same level as all of the old people who watch fox news all day, that's why they love him and will never not love him, because he is them, and modern politics is about becoming uh about being able to identify with the person in charge, not that they do anything, the... identify emotionally with them, and Trump is them, whenever Chris Wallis would challenge him on one of his assertions like, where are they teaching us to hate America, he goes, oh, you go, you see the professors, you know, the schools were doing it, we see it every day, couldn't put a gun to his head, he wouldn't be able to tell you a specific instance, even and then that shows you how far things have changed and how fast things have gone off the rails because of the speed of transmission of information, the way that everybody is just, there's just this flow of information that nobody can check. realistically, and so you just develop a emotional response that you just channel everything through, they're just like, yes, this is this, this validates, this it's like running things over the the laser at the fucking grocery store, it's like a thing either gets you mad or it makes you happy cuz it owns the libes, whether it's true, whether it happened, it means nothing, and so trump like like Reagan famously. always had like this back pocket uh filled with just so anecdotes about the evils of the welfare state and about big government, half of them were completely made up, the other ones were decontextualized and half truths, but he at least had them, he had a narrative that he actually contain information even if it was fraugulent. Trump doesn't even bother keeping it, none of these people even bother keeping it, it just all that's left, all they're left with is the anger, some story about some college where someone said the flag isn't good, don't remember the context, don't even remember the incident, just remember the emotional response i had when i heard that, and that's where they are, they're just pure ganglian response, and they love trump because he's... also piergang in response, they love him, we love him, folks, don't we love him, don't we love the Trump? uh, yeah, he's pretty amazing. no, they don't talk about welfare anymore because it's gone. that was what Reagan used to say in the 80's, and then clinton fulfilled his fucking uh, his political prophecy. It's just new stuff now, but I'm saying is that there used to be two levels to this shit among Republicans and now there's only one level, everyone believes the fucking ruob bait and they take it seriously, that's why all the all the all the more uh data driven still ideologic, they're ideologis, but they're ideologis for capitalism as closer to as it actually exists as opposed to an a Norman Rockwell fantasy version of it that they keep in their head so that they can still fee like there's a just distribution of resources in the world, that fantasy that they have to cling to so that their place on that totem pole is sacralized, they're too focused on that busy box of like nationalism to see shit like the actual force for the trees, which is why now we finally turned it into a, it's always been the case that like that capitalist political parties are arguing over who could be the best stewarts you know. of of the capitalist system, not who will overcome it or overthrow it, that's absurd, that's off the table, but that but what that means is been different and it's been contested over time as the coalitions that are dominant within the parties have changed, and now we finally have the dream of the clinton era DLC, a situation where the mystified small bourgeois, white, the mystified white small bourgeois are culturally alienated enough by their... the by by the rent by the the the the social signifiers that they cling to uh to become a rump party whose inability to absorb the reality of neoliberalism, their inability to hear what Ned Bady is telling uh Howard Beal in the board room, the wax of of uh of ideology of nationalist ideology is too st thick in their ears to hear it, they're off now the... isolated into one party, and capital, clear eyed capital, international capital has one has a party all of themselves, and they get to use social liberalism as the unguent to keep the more exploited and still miserable people on board, it's the perfect situation, it's what it's what the whole uh democratic right turn on economics was supposed to, it was supposed to do, eventually... by eliminating economics as a real field of political conflict, because we're at the end state, we're at the point of permanent austerity where we can never turn it around because the profits aren't there to allow it, you'd have to crack open the bones and get at the gooey uh hemogloben producing centers of capitalism, and that's not that's not on the table, that's not an option, because that's not the people negotiating these things, if that's the... case that eventually it will break down, all politics will break down into culture war, that's the only thing that will be left to to argue, and that time is on the side of the just looking at the arc of history, the way that increased uh uh capitalism, increased atomization of capitalism, increases social liberalism because it reduces our commitment to traditional values because it reduces our contact with the social institutions that reinforce traditional values. so over time you're going to have a more diverse country thanks to shifts and demographics and you're going to have uh a more socially liberal country because people are going to refer to one another individually in a way that makes all the old claims to like social hierarchy seem dated and quaint and and reactionary and and un uninclusive of a people who of of a of a uh of a pluralistic society, and if that's the case, you're going to win eventually, I mean, there might be some shocks and some bumps along the way, like Trump winning in 2016, but now they've turned that into, I think they've turned that, I mean that didn't help the Clintons, but it sure shit helped the party now, they're in the perfect situation, uh, they're about to, if if this election goes the way, it looks like it would today, if you had the poll today, and we don't have some sort of breakdown of legitimacy due to coronavirus and right in ballots, which is a huge, huge if. but if all that goes relatively smoothly, you're going to have a big democratic mandate without any kind of uh left-wing uh shape to to the party itself, it will have swallowed the suburban - upper middle class small bourgeois who went to college, because right now it has the small, the republican party now is just the small bourgeois who didn't go to college, that's their main base, i mean they have other people vote for them, but that's the that's the core, and the small bourjois who went to college were split, but the the increased uh nenders catholic presentation uh of uh of social reactionary views embodied by Trump and his base uh in the current moment is no longer sustainable if you went through that eticat that extended eticat lesson of college and so that's that's like they're taking Nixon's idea of polarizing along cultural lines he was the guy who invented it. and perstein talks about that in Nixonland, because the whole idea was create break the country in two and then you have the bigger half, and at that point he did, but now the times have changed, there's less of a base for social reaction outside of like white suburbs and white rural areas uh, and so there's less, the backlash is less powerful, I mean Trump won mainly because Hillary Clinton managed to completely demobilize democratic voters. because Trump was a was a question mark and he was something new, and now all a lot of those people have changed their tune on it, at least according to the current models, who knows what will happen in the future, so now we finally have the break, the the the the final like in in the twilight of America, the the the partisan battle is finally between the competent administrators of capitalism, and the mystified, overly ideological snake oil. drinking incompetent managers of capitalism, that's it, that's the that's the that's what we that is explicitly now what we're arguing about, whereas it used to be that that whole question of competent administration of empire was sort of sublimated, now it's the actual content of the two political parties, as expressed by their leaders, like biden has made it clear that he will not be governing under any kind of expectation. of significant change even since even he's he's done the all of branch to Bernie and he's talking about being more radical now because things are so terrible, but uh, I mean we know who runs that white house, we know who is in charge of that party right now, or who would be, and jarge of the white house, there's simply no structural incentive to push them to do anything other than 2008 all over again. re reconstituting the the uh the um economy on the back of the most vulnerable people, but they will have uh to their benefit an absolutely insane republican party, like if if Biden wins and he's able to take office, especially if like there's right-in ballots in a bunch of states that get authorized by a court. "there's going to be a massive crisis of legitimacy from day one, and that's going to keep all the sheep in line, they're going to keep all the sheep in line with just the fear the slathering hords waiting to retake power, and it'll be scary. I mean, Brian Kemp is probably gonna try to fucking secede or something." but like if there's a silver lining there it'll just be that I think the uh that there will be absolut among the left you know such as it is among people with leftist sentiments, I think that there will be uh there will be much less of that Obama era uh Stardust in the air to to keep people from immediately denouncing the administration uh and he was basically able to string that out for almost eight years. uh even while he was doing the worst shit on earth, and I don't think Biden has that obviously, I mean after this primary and considering who he is as a candidate, uh, and even the fact that Obama himself, you know, a lot of people remember him as a uh, now as a fucking snake oil salesman himself, which she certainly was. uh is anybody can is anybody like around it uh a is anybody watching in a uh time zone that's got uh where it's dark cuz everybody check on the moon to make sure it's okay i want to make sure that it's not yet uh falling out of the sky so it's not dead yet, apparently the scandan avian moon is still doing okay, so maybe maybe it can shake off this uh this curse, i seem down, i'm i guess i'm a little uh, i'm mellow, but i don't think I'm depressed or anything, I feel pretty good, I'm just uh less animated than sometimes, I'm vibing as always though, as always vibing, forever vibing, that'd be good, that could be a sequel to the Vasily Grossman book forever flowing, forever vibing. Oh dear a lot, that's a large boy, there was a large boy just showed up, vibing towards Bethlehem to be worn, what is your favorite Michael Bay movie? I'd say that his most interesting movie and uh, is obviously pain and gain, which I think is a really really interesting film, I don't think it's good, because he is uh, I mean he's trying to do something that's beyond his abilities, he's trying to evoke uh, like artistic, not, I wouldn't say ability, I he's a very talented director, but his skill set, I'd say, he can evoke certain things masterfully uh, but but commentary, intentional commentary uh, not really his sort for uh forte. I think I always think of pain and gain as a cohen brothers movie that is directed by a coin brothers character. If one of their own people could make a Koan Brothers movie, it would be pain and gain, which is a very interesting thing, so I like, I like it for that. I should rewatch it. I haven't seen it in a while. uh, one of the one uh, walberg is not a very... actor, but it's one of his good performances because he's perfectly cast as a meethead. there's a scene where he finds out that in order to uh for a bank to honor like uh the document that he forced this guy he kidnapped to sign that he needed to be notorized and he was completely he's completely baffled by the concept of a notary and he gets kind of mad and he goes what the fuck is a notary it's very good. uh, but of his spectacles of his big big movies, like the ones that are uh feasts of carnage and mayham. um, ah, let me think, bad boys two gets talked about because it is so just horrifyingly over the top and grotesque in a way that he often only hints at with the corpses bouncing out of the back of the morg truck getting splattered by cars. "the rock's very good too, our mcgedden, it's the criterion collection for a reason, you know, it's just so, so much, that movie is so much, I have to say even though I've seen every transformers movie, multiple times and I think that they're interesting in their own way, uh, I always kind of felt like that's a waste of his talents, because he's great at action." Mayham, but so much of transformers is CGI nonsense, I mean the movies he made his bones with had a lot of practical effects that were really awesome, like the the car chase in San Francisco when he uh, Connery takes a fucking uh, a Humvy and derails a cable car, tremendous. In short, it's uh, it's hard to pick a favorite, it it depends on the move. I will say that I was very disartend to see that his last movie went to Netflix, because Michael Bay, more certainly than fucking Christopher Nowland in my mind is is a director who embodies the theatrical experience, big soda, big drink, big movie, pound your brain into fucking paste, and that that shit was the premiered on Netflix, it's like, I get it when scorsezies go goes on Netflix to do. a three and a half hour movie with digitally aged mobsters and it's all about regret and sadness and and failure. i that's not going to that probably wouldn't have wowed him on the big screen in a huge release, but my god if michael Bay can't get a fucking movie with that kind of dumb ass high concept, what if a billionaire faked his own death and became an operator to to overthrow assad, but just the fact that it wasn't fighting. robots i guess kept it off the silver screen, that's why i was real, that's why i really do think that covid might be the end of the theatrical film experience because it seemed like it was already on its last legs and now just pushing the fucking coke machine over, so it's too bad, i i didn't really like uh six underground, it was too quippy it cuuse it was written by the deadpool guys and so that's not really his register, bay humor is not weedeenesk soy banter, it's people's getting hit directly in the dick or robot, a tiny robot pretending to hump something or someone farting, that that it's child, it's baby brain, it's not fake sophisticated. Yeah, it's interesting, like what, what, I think you might end up seeing films exist on the margins, I think like... big movies coming out every week and everybody going to see them, i think that might be over, i think those movies are now going to go to streaming services uh, but i think you will still have a a a skeleton film industry, i think you might see drivens make a comeback uh, but you'll definitely see, i think either like boutique movie experiences, like a small small few people, somebody said like running out a karaoke room, something like that with like food service, like an even more boutique. Alamo for uh old movies, you know, for revivals or something, and then maybe once or twice a year there'd be something that would get on like imaxes, maybe Christopher Nolan would just make an imax movie every year, uh, but we'll see, who knows, I mean people get are stubborn, and uh, I don't, and and there might be... a desire to go back to the movies if it's possible just to assert our love of the before time and our refusal to accept that that uh there really might have been a cultural and economic bcad moment here with this fucking virus and the things might be different in a way that's qualitatively significant enough to no longer be the same thing before we enter the cool zone exactly and i will be bummed by that. because i love going to the movies, i think it's fun, of course i've seen mac and me, come on, but i would like somebody to ask nuke Gingrich what he thinks about the Panama Canal cuuse these motherfuckers are still around, i would really love him to explain a like when did you realize it wasn't a big deal that we lost the Panama Canal and when you found that out did it make you reflect on anything at all? Oh no, because you're a cynical fucking cumwad, now I remember now, never mind. I do wonder how many people cut their teeth getting mad about the Panama Canal, now are 100% convinced that the cast of friends are all cannibal pedophiles buse that. hell of a trajectory, you guys ever wonder how more much more advanced we be culturally and socially and civilizationally if we had braced crystal Pepsi cuz Crystal Pepsi was mindblowing, Crystal Pepsi told you, hey, you know that perception you had your whole life, you know how you always thought the cola was brown, that's the color of cola, what have I told you it didn't have to be? here it drink this, i don't understand, this looks like a sprite of some kind, some sort of lemon line beverage, no, it tastes like a damn pepsi, if pepsi is if if if pepsi is not brown, then what is it, what is anything? maybe we would have been more open-minded as as as the end of history turned into the charnel house of the 21st century, maybe we would have been able to think outside the box. Maybe after 9/11 we could have thought, hey, if Pepsi isn't necessarily clear, then this terrorist attack is not necessarily the beginning of some civilizational war, unless we make it. Let's not do that. I have no proof of this. I just wonder sometimes. Although apparently the failure of Crystal Pepsi was partially due to uh rat fucking by Coca-Cola. Coca-cola after Crystal Pepsi set the world on fire with its mind-blowing commercial debut after the super bowl uh useing van Halen's right now as its theme song. Immediately after that Coke came out with their own crystal version of of coke only it was diet but they said crystal coke and so it tasted like crap, it tasted bad. It wasn't it was it was a diet beverage and the one and not even. like their good diet beverage, their crummier diet beverage, and so because coke is so hegemonic and because people don't really differentiate that finally, somebody has a bad tasting uh crystal cola, and now they don't like crystal cola. fucking coca-cola company kept our brains in the box, kept us part of the mind control, part of the MK ultra mind control, making sure that consciousness, expanding concepts like Crystal Pepsi aren't allowed into the marketplace. No, I don't think that would have happened, but it's funny to think about. I mean, and that goes to show that there's, I honestly think there's something to the old argument that Coca-Cola made new coke on purpose, made it bad on purpose. and made a backlash on purpose so that when they brought it back and said this is the old coke, not only people all want to drink it out of gratitude to be back, they wouldn't notice that in the inner room they switched out the fucking uh sugar for high fructose corn syrup, diabolical diabolical between all that and uh hiring death squads to kill union organizers, pretty much a bad com company, have I read Detroit, I do mind dying, yes i have. drum baby, detroit revolutionary union movement, there was a good documentary about that too, finally got the news about the radical uh black uh anti-capitalist union movement in Detroit, late 60s, early 70s, very interesting stuff, i mean Who is it? Who you gonna? Who wins in the battle of evil uh soda companies? You got Coca-Cola which of course has its record of bloodshed and then you've got Pepsi which I think is does a lot of nefarious shit especially exploiting and like privatizing water sources in the developing world, but fanta literally is the nazi uh beverage, it's the nazi soft drink. Pepsi uh in the 50s Pepsi made a deal with. Richard Nixon went before he went to Moscow to see the world exhibition there where he had the kitchen debate with Krushchev, the Pepsi corporation made a deal with him where they he was able to arrange a picture of Krushchev with a coat with a pepsi in his hand that uh if he needed it at any point Nixon could would be able to get on the board and after he lost the uh either the presidency or I think the California governor's race in 62 he became he went on the board uh of Pepsi as payback. for getting photographs of Krushchev drinking Pepsi, I never got that buse it's like he was the bad guy, shouldn't he have been, shouldn't they have wanted him to be drinking a coke, you're like, look, this communist motherfucker drinks coke, but I guess, I guess Pepsi is like the upstart and they think that that's irony or something, I don't know. and also Pepsi bankrolled partially the production of the great William Peter Blady film the ninth configuration because they had made a bunch of money in West Germany but they couldn't have it leave the country without a heavy tax rate so they funded this movie as a tax dodge basically the same way that Uwi Bow movies got made for a while there because of loopholes in the German tax law related to money invested in films. and there's one scene in the ninth configuration where they show somebody getting a pepsi out of a vending machine in the insane asylum that's the film set in the army uh army mental hospital it's very good movie and i don't think coke would have ever done that so advantage pepsi on that one. that a coke was in doctor strangelove and that's the one where they blew up the world, that's not good, you're gonna have to answer to me in the coca-cola company, more likely GOP nominee in 202, 2024, haleley or hally? okay, stipulation up front, no idea what anything's going to look like by that, i would argue there's a good chance that the... frontrunner in 2024 will be whoever emerges is like the uh the jon c Calhoon of the neo uh nullification movement and that's more likely to be a governor of a large red state but not necessarily um but if it's not that it's going to be some carnival barker or trump hanger on it's not going to be some nerd like josh hawley it's not going to be some fucking wet blanket like nicky haley they like the red meat the... that what they're looking for is some sort of perfect ideological synthesis, those are leftists who think that way, because that's what they've been dreaming of, the perfect secret sauce of that combines political power with ideology, with party building, with mobilization, just the secret sauce of everything, and so they imagine that that's what everybody's seeking. Republican voters want someone to ring the dinner bell so they can fucking uh salvate like Pavlov's dog. and the argument that oh, like a guy like Holly would be able to do some sort of you know heron Volk uh democracy where he promises all this social democracy for the uh for for the ingroup, where's the money for that coming from, where the terminal decline phase? anybody who wants to promise that is going to have to do it from outside the system, because a guy like Holly is too dependent on the media and on the party to be even known by anybody, so he can't piss them off. Trump was able to be a free agent because he was rich, but more importantly he was famous. if anybody is going to challenge that heterodox economic pop uh created heterodox economic populist model that will actually be different enough to get people attention and do the thing that a lot of people are kind of feering or dreaming is going to happen and create some sort of new right populism with a economic baseline, it would have to be from outside this the party, it would... be some loser fucking senator who's got to go on the rubber chicken circuit to get enough money to get people to get his name recognition above 5%. it's going to be somebody who comes in out on the outside. that's why i'd say i'd put the my pillow guy ahead of any of these people. i'd say Donald Trump Jr. but i have a feeling that his dad would like to own him not endorse him. i think like a guy like Dan Krenshaw like the media cares about him he's fucking epic meme congressman but "I don't think anybody on the ground gives a shit about who that fucking Dork is, like these guys are all shadow boxing, they're all trying to be something that the media wants them to be, and they never, they haven't reckoned with the fact that Trump was able. to win by directly in defying all of the dictates of the parties and the media in how you run for office and no elected official will be able to grab that magic, so I don't, that's why I discount anybody who is in office right now, my pillow guy, don Jr. uh, depending on how like uh, how much this like? kidnapping people pops off, maybe Chad Wolf, one way or another, it's going to have to be somebody who gets Trump's approval because one bad tweet about them and it's over, which is another reason I don't buy Carlson, because Carlson is on the record is saying Trump is out to lunch and is not smart and doesn't know what he's doing and can't deliver on any of the promises of his presidency, he he said that in an interview, if any if Trump ever finds out about that, he'll just in one tweet destroy him, i mean maybe they decide to go back to normal politics, but that seems weird, i mean the reason people have embraced this this tribal lunacy over uh any kind of principle or ideology is because things have gotten weirder and worse, they're only going to be weirder and worse in four years. 'I just don't see the mechanism that's supposed to, maybe being out of power is supposed to smap them out of it, I don't know, didn't really work, that it's not really what happened with Obama, as I say, I'll come back to this, I have no idea because I cannot predict what the conditions are going to look like four years from now, I can't say what they're going to be four months from now for god's sake, and I don't trust anyone says they do, Elilon Musk has no political base, his base is like epic meme people, they're all democrats mostly, people are afraid of Trump not leaving, but i i will say that if the courts, if there is some sort of challenge to the const to the election, challenge to the legitimacy? action, which I'm sure there will be, if it's decided in favor of Biden, Trump will go, because one of the beautiful generals will tell him, it's time to go, and at the end of the day, Trump is a caward, do you know the kind of bravery it would take to say, hey, I'm just, even just like delusional uh, like musk-like frenzy of of. to say, fuck it, let's be legends, let's tear up the constitution so I can stay be president, even though he hates being president, um, he doesn't have the character for it, that's the thing about Trump is that he has only negative traits, he has no positive traits, and that means that he doesn't have the the the basic uh, um, bravery to withstand. uh disappointment that plenty of evil people in history have possessed in spades, he doesn't have it, he's a coward, and the idea of the beautiful generals turning against him is too much, and so he would make up something in his head to justify how he didn't actually leave, and then he'd leave, and then he would just re, buse that's the thing, the reason Trump's able to keep on trucking. is that he instantly redefines everything that happens to him to make it look, make himself look good, to make him look like a genius because of his insane mind-shatering insecurity, he is literally incapable of of sitting with failure, incompetence, sadness, uh, any kind of negative feeling and certainly any negative feeling about himself. and so I just don't think that he's got the sand to what try to like call some other generals, because I think the thing with the Lafayet Square shows that there isn't the commitment there to him personally to back him and Biden isn't a threat. In fact, a lot of them have probably figured that Biden is the uh solution, that Biden will calm things down and make things run more functionally. but there could be fraudulent challenging of democratic ballots that then are uh and those challenges could be affirmed by the Trump court that got packed over the last four years. and then if the final word of the court is like it was in 2000, oh yeah, Trump won, even though maybe he lost by 5 million votes in the in the popular total, and uh, you know, was losing in enough states to lose the electoral college until they declared the like the votes fraudulent or something and like threw it to this to the house of representatives to have them vote by state, which means that even though the house is now pretty heavily democratic uh the republicans would vote for Trump, if that happened, then the military is not going to stop that from happening, because it's official, it has the official imperature of of the rule book, which the absolute shouter-headed mediocrities of the US joint chiefs, that's what they care about. Yeah, yeah, they're all right-wingers, but they're also at the end of the day unimaginative, they take the stupid constitution sits seriously, and I just don't think they see, I mean these guys are around, these guys all were around under Obama too, you know, there are a few Michael Flynn types, but what happened to Michael Flynn, he was like isolated and and neutralized over the course of his career, because he was a nut case, he couldn't fucking function, and there might be... some like and if there are like reptile lizard type right-wingers at the top of the military, they also are know the way the wind is blowing and they know that it wouldn't be worth the domestic turmoil of suppressing uh of suspending uh constitutional government because as colin says you break it you bought it and now you're responsible for this thing that you have no training for and no preparation for controlling and most importantly there's a perfectly good political party made up of people who are the very mass majority, totally co uh, totally behold into the exact same power structure that you are and are a part of, why would you fucking rock the boat on behalf of Trump? who they all know is an incompetent dumb ass? i don't care how fucking uh mystified by ideology it you are, if you spend like presence time in the presence of Donald Trump, you're not going to have any fucking be able to sustain many illusions about his competence, and that's one thing when he is the he is the... he is in power through you know the conivance of of uh the press and the people to to to deem him the legitimate president which takes a lot of pressure off of you as the military to uh you know maintain a maintain authority because it's not popularly represented or it's not popularly uh uh recognized. you go from that to having a government that has lost its popular legitimacy. overnight to a huge percentage of the population, that's a headache, it's a huge headache, but as I said, if the republicans are able to like maneuver through the courts that they have spent the last four years packing, a sp spirious challenge to uh electoral votes for Biden, and it's affirmed, what is anyone going to do about it? That will be the ultimate. calling of the bluff, and I think that for the most part there will be protests for sure, there will be confrontations and violence for sure, but uh, it will, it will tuck her out, that's the bet they're going to make is that it'll tuck her out, that the the momentum will dissipate, and then people will have accepted the new reality, to some degree, to some psychic degree, they will now be operating and under the assumption that this new order is in some. legitimate because they're sustaining it by their acquiescence, i mean there might be an insurgency, but uh, i don't know how sustainable it would be, and that's the other thing, like as illegitimate as it would be, you'd be have to be having people go to the streets to risk death and dismemberment on behalf of Joe Biden. you, anybody want to lose an eye for Joe fucking Biden? anybody want to like get lose weeks of their life and get corona in a fucking dungeon to seat the man who doesn't even know what year it is? who thinks he's running in 1988 and that he really needs to catch up to ducakus? It would be funny though to see maybe like buse obviously the democratic establishment like I'm the other thing is is not only would you have no want to die for Biden, Biden wouldn't be asking you to die for him, he would accept the outcome, like liked, he'd say, well, I disagree strongly with the courts reasoning in this case, I respect their constitutional role as arbitor of these disputes and hope that we can move forward and help make uh help make the American middle class strong again or whatever fucking bullshit, so how the hell are you supposed to organize in the face of a party that won't even stand up for itself? It would be funny though if there are a few true believer diehards who just snapped like near tanden leads a gorilla foco in the hills of northern Virginia that'd be pretty funny near tanden has uh ambushed another police uh another police uh caravan killing 16 officers near tanden spiked the water supply of the district of Columbia with Zanex I don't. Barack Obama could be Biden's vice president because I think I mean the the point of a VP is to assume the offices of the presidency uh and I don't think that a two-term president can legally assume the offices of the presidency so yeah you can't he couldn't be vp he could be in the... it because they just skip him in the succession, but he couldn't be VP, because that's the whole point of the VP, so the Obungler could be like secretary of state or something, for sure, like Madeline Albright wasn't eligible to be president because she wasn't born in the United States, but they just skipped her in the line of succession. Kissinger too of course when he was secretary of state and the big new Brizinski or no he was NSA was not in Michelle Obama would be the the slam dunk Michelle Obama is the VP and the thing is over uh which really must tell you at least it tells me that she does not want to be vp that she doesn't like politics like you that has always been the rumor that she kind of hated it and wanted to get out of there. certainly the way he has behaved, Obama has behaved sense would suggest that's true, only working behind the scenes, limiting his public comments and exposure, and of course there's the fact that if she'd run this time she probably would have gotten the nomination relatively easily, and now here's a chance to get it without even running to get, I mean she would be the next president almost for sure, cuz I mean at some point uh Biden is going to conk out very likely in his first term, actuary. in his first term, she must just not want it, she just hates dc, and i i think after we after trump tore up the vegetable garden, she was like, fuck this, you fucking assholes won't even let me make your stupid kids less fat, and of course that's all, you know, that's a perfect, her her choice of that as her pet project is vp was so perfect, such a perfect. example of uh of just that neoliberal self-help mindset. It's like, yeah, it's uh, people, kids aren't fat because of food desserts and and wildly anti-unhealthy uh agricultural subsidies that that have a horrifyingly distorting effect on our diet and like what we consume and like the the the uh the shrinking of people's free time uh and the... almost impossible lure of fast food as to fill a gap and processed food if not fast food? no, no, it's you, you're not, you're not doing enough situps with your kids and you don't have a fucking vegetable garden in your backyard. Oh, that's interesting, Trump couldn't run again if he was convicted of a felony, and would Biden allow that to happen, oh, I got to assume that there will, I honestly because... there won't be any like buse he was acquitted in the the mis, he was acquitted in the impeachment, there is no, i don't think there's any criminal prosecutions currently going in Trump, all of the criminal all of the things revolving around his tax returns and uh like lawsuits and stuff and and the attempt to get transparency about his business dealings and stuff like the uh the scottish golf course where they kept s the uh the air force so just the chinciest shit i think all those investigations are in the houses are in the are in the house and those are presumably all just going to end after he gets out of office so presuming he loses that's the end of the congressional investigations there's no current there would have to be in initiation of an investigation and i just don't think they'll allow that to happen i don't think the democrats the democrats will be so terrified of trump prosecution energizing his supporters and riling them up that I think that he won't have to give them a a pardon because there will be no prosecution to uh to deal with, and I think the most democrats, even the ones who hate him with a passion will gladly follow along, because they're just going to be so damn happy to be in charge again, and they're going to listen to whatever bullshit the party tells them about the need to move on. on like we did with Bush and then sure enough what happens is the ratchet only goes one way and the next one to gets in after Biden fucks the dog and grover Clevelands the shit out of this one, it'll be some monster, it'll be my pillow guy, a my pillow filled with the goya beans on every front door in America. Oh thank you, someone says they're enjoying. out, I enjoying them as well, uh, just a few more minutes here, if anybody has any more questions, oh, I just want to also put this out here that we might be expanding the format for these in the near future, uh, we might turn this into like a daily like drive time chunk, wondering if anyo be interested in that, if that sounds like something people would want to watch. and we would maybe involve more video some actual gaming too, i would want to play some of those map-based strategy games, those always seem like fun, but i can't handle all the little boxes and the clicks, it's too complicated, i can't keep it all straight, it would not be mostly gaming though, the gaming would be like, limited cuuse I do not want to become a streaming gamer, that is uh, that is, but I think I can avoid that. I always wanted to see if you could ever like uh, if you could ever with with like the uh history ones i've always want to see if it's possible even in the game in a game to uh like do what charles i tried to do and have habsberg ejeny over Europe in the early modern period or if the ottomans could have conquered all of the continent i don't think either one of them could have been technically possible but it would be fun to try to see if you could get the game to let you do it. No, that is true, the ottomans never really wanted Europe, they were much more interested in in the uh, conquering uh as much of Persia as they could from the assassinates, but and they were, yeah, Europe was really about trade, the the water outs, but I mean, Memed wanted Italy back, he wanted to take Rome, so the... was there's some symbolic drive, also I like to see if I can pull off and I know this is a later period, but I always felt like Napoleon really could have, he could have pulled something off there, I mean it wasn't going to last forever, but he certainly had a game plan for trying to maintain like a powerful hegemony there in the in western Europe by planting like local uh monarchies. to to butt off of his like his family line and his, he was essentially reseading the aristocracy of western Europe and that could have lasted, i mean my god the uh the current uh royal house of Sweden is descended from one of Napoleon's marshals who was invited to take the throne, you don't invade Russia though, dude, why invade? Russia dog, dog, I warned you bro, don't invade Russia, but I do think that like the more sustained that the napoleonic you know era had been, the more time that uh the desurfening had been allowed to occur, I think it could have been, it would probably have hastened progressive. It would have hastened progressive forces in Europe, but it also would have hastened the arrival of the contradictions that led to the 20th century being one of the bloodiest charnel houses in human history, so everything is double-edged, that's why it's so dangerous to open Pandora's box, and that's why anyone who seeks to change the world around them is taking a huge responsibility, because there's a limited amount you can ever know what you're going to do, and there's going to be bad consequences of all change. no such thing as a purely positive uh uh of a purely positive shift with any kind of significance, the the thing about the british is is that he, i think there could have been some sort of viable. at least medium term uh stalemate with the British, but I don't think he could ever let that go, I mean he was a man of war, and he and the idea of of uh having an undefeated enemy I think was too much for him, but I don't know, maybe not, I mean it's a pretty uh, it's a pretty wild thing for anybody to try to do, conquer all of Europe, only a few have tried, none of succeeded. because it's institutions and geography don't let it take, it doesn't take, yes i do have Napoleon on the brain though because i've been listening as i have for years to uh age of napoleon one of the best history podcasts uh really really good, you get a really good history first of the French revolution and the continental European diplomatic system and military tactics and life of Nelson, he's he's got he understands the fractal nature of history and that things all like like you're talking about Napoleon, you're talking about a bunch of other things and he's always very uh good about contextualizing all of the... all the narrative, but it's good, should have allied with Lolvatur and not attacked Haiti, I he said that was his one of his biggest mistakes when he was in exile, and yeah, that was a huge blunder, I've talked about it on here before, he could have turned the Caribbean into a fucking French lake there before the leaguena purchase, which would have uh counterveiled uh uh naval - British naval supremacy. I think the way to go is just if you're uh haven't started it just listen from the beginning, they're all good and they all build on one another. All right, gna go, bye-bye, rip the moon, we love you, we love you moon, bye-bye, good night, moon.