 How's everybody doing today? I hope everyone is relaxing and chillaxing. man, it's been a hell of a week for old perverts, huh? some good stuff, good stuff. first you got Jeffrey Tube out, slapping his hog around while zooming, um, proving that he just couldn't, he couldn't continue to simulate the 2020. election from the point of view of the legal system and not satisfy his unleashed hog because of how erotic that is, and I understand, election simulation is intensely erotic, but I think the murty Juliani thing is of course hilarious, and I think people are kind of missing the forest for the trees, I feel like when they're talking about it, because a lot of people are hitting on the fact that, oh, according to this story, uh, Borat claimed that this girl was 15 and that she took... Rudy into another room and laid him on the bed and like he's going to fuck a 15-year-old and then other people are saying uh, actually, and apparently they're being paid to say this in swarms on the internet, actually that's the 15 claim was never made to rudy Giuliani, that she looked like a young woman and that he had no reason to believe she was underage, and people are arguing that point, and to me that is a pointless point, who cares, the real, take think about this situation, think about the reality of what happens. Rudy Giuliani thinks that he's going to have an interview with what some Russian uh journalists or something, they take him to a hotel room, they talk to him for a while, it's wacky, but whatever, and at the end of it, this young woman just leads him into another room, and what does he do, he immediately just lies on the bed, that's what Rudy Juliani expects to happen when he has any kind of public interaction, that's what these people do, this 75-year-old gargoil, he goes, into these nice air conditioned rooms to talk to a bunch of guys named like Ivan Stroken off about like some sort of uh money laundering operation or data swap or whatever the fuck shit he's been doing in Ukraine and Russia whatever like just money on his grind and at the end of those meetings like instead of a cheese course they just lead him into a room and a woman who has no idea who they are where they came from if they've been fucking trafficked or what age they are just lays them in a bed and just sucks him off, that's his expected encounter in the day, think about that, think about how socially conditioned he is to expect that, what the fuck do you think these rich motherfuckers are doing, this is the proof you need that the only thing that's crazy about Q and on is thinking that Donald Trump or anybody else in a position of power wants to stop this, it's... just a giant disgusting power orgy, these guys are doing rich, I mean as they literally suck the vital and vital fluids out of every human being on this planet and turn us into just hollowed out uh fucking caprice suns, they inact ritualized uh conquest and despoilation of humanity through just this wrched and disgusting sexual depravity and they don't even have to be thinking in these kind of epic uh ritualistic terms, all they could... be feeling is, how do I feel the hole within me that is made by being a soulless uh uh uh capitalist husk, like I am nothing, I am empty of any goodness, any virtue, what can I pursue? And the only answer is selfish pleasures and what does that mean? It means even when you're 75, you've still got to have some disinterested, maybe sex slave tug you off in a raddison. That's how fucking empty you are, and that means that your life is just, it is public and private uh, obsennity and uh despoilation of humanity. Salo really got to the heart of all of this, and that means all these guys do this, Trump, Bill Clinton, uh, Besos, allegedly, all of them are just have turned sexual debasement of people that they have power over uh, into a... component of high stakes, public and private negotiations of power, folks, they're gross, they're siccos, q is correct about that, they are genuine siccos, the problem is that there are no white hats, if there are white hats, it's us, we have to be the white hats, no one in anywhere anywhere close to a position of power, they are either blissfully unaware of all the ritualized sexual degradation, or they enthusially participated it, maybe at best they reluctantly participated it, because it's necessary to maintain trust at those high levels of power and intimacy, any way you slice it, no one in power is going to do anything about this, and and the belief that anything otherwise is true is the real fantasia at the heart of q. all the craziest shit in the universe comes not from that essential insight about power and about the people who wield it, but from trying to make sense of trump somehow being opposed to it, that's where the crazy stuff comes in, that's where the the club and the lizard people and the fucking uh holograms, the secret guantonomo executions, all of that is generated by the need to make sense of the basic fantasy that Trump is in any way really opposed to power and the monsters who wield it rather than being a perfect exemplar of their class, so it's really is important to say like what is the Q delusion? it really isn't anything to do with their analysis of like rules power, who lo rules broadly speaking, and what they do with their rule, what they pursue with the power they have, the personal indulgence that they seek as their soul means of soul distraction and and and pleasure, that's all just real good, solid materialist analysis of power, it's thinking that anyone in power will stop it, that is madness, and that can only create more madness, and that delusion is powered by the fact that they're Americans, God bless them, and they are. sorcelled to the fantasy of the two-party system, to politics as a meaningful endeavor, and that means that they have to map their deeper understanding of the horrors of power onto the shallow fantasy of genuine uh partisan conflict, where in reality you just have a organic uh, osmotic relationship of power within this one organism of the democratic republican political party. machinery and uh and uh cultural attachments. I'm autotuned. What's going on? I'm sorry, I was fucking with the mixer. Oh, that's funny. I am a robot. Hello, I am a robot programmed to party. I am a party bot, and I love to party, but.... sadly that's going to be one of the last illusions to die is the idea that there's genuine uh genuine conflict, real high stakes conflict at the high at uh between the democratic and republican parties and we're going to have to enact more and more symbolic uh and then not symbolic acts uh to consecrate those realities in the face of what's really going on, which is by partisan rule by the dr. sex criminal elite there's someone's asking for good uh books on gladio there's not a lot of great books about gladio honestly all the good stuff is in Italian and untranslated there's two ways to go though broadly there's two books that you can go to if you want to go dry and academic and more grounded and also uh a broader simply Italy like more into like it has a NATO network of a NATO program of a network of cells within places like Belgium and uh France and Spain and uh even Sweden, even Switzerland even though it was technically part of NATO, they had a they had a uh a gladio program there uh, it's called uh Nato Secret Armies, I believe it's pdf available on the internet uh and then it'll give you that and it's a little dry, but it'll give you the... the overview, if you want to get pulpy though, you got to go with archcast catholic lunatic Paul williams book, operation gladio, which uh, it reads like sort of the skeleton of a James Elroy novel, just the plot stuff without any of the the characters of you know repressed cops, uh, beating up uh nightclub singers and there's not and there's stuff in there that is it's is much more speculative. uh including his uh tale of the possible uh murder of John Paulst at the hands of uh gladio figures uh and also the likely Gladio involved involvement in the assassination of attempt against John Paul the 2nd, it's it's an undisputed fact of history that the assassin, the attempted assassin of uh John Paul II was a Turkish ultra nationalist Graywolf. uh and the Greywolves were one of those gladio created uh paramilitary organizations that sprouted up after world war ii, it was directly created by the the general uh were the implementers of gladio in Turkey uh and he also was only able to go to St. Petersburg square and shoot uh John Paul II because he had been uh arrested in Turkey and imprison for the murder of a left-wing journalist and then had just escaped prison and by according to all testimonies just walking out of it and then he showed up uh in St. Peter Square shot. uh and like I said, not a lot of sources, but it's all very interesting, it's it's the it's the indulgent one, and it's also a little the the pros is a little more uh punchy, but you know, I don't, I don't say everything in that book is true, you have to look at everything with a critical eye, and but a lot of the wildest shit in that book, you look it up. and it's oh yeah, the part of the problem is he doesn't have a lot of good sourcing in it uh, but if you take the time to like follow down specific leads named around people and names, it's very interesting, it's like there like a NATO general in Italy was arrested uh for uh involvement in like the drug trade and did indeed uh epstein himself in prison like that happened like the one big the one main uh witness in the credit onbraziano scandal that brought down the Vatican Bank and exposed the gladio network at P2 uh, was just poisoned in prison, like there wasn't even an attempt to to make it look like a suicide, he just drank some coffee that yes had a shit ton of poison in it, and no one ever fucking figured out who did it, and they just said, yep, poison, wild, so if you want to go down the rabbit hole. those are good ways to start, those are different entry points, but either way, you're not going to know, and I like to like, anytime I get into the nitty gritty shit like gladio or any of the assassinations or even Kennedy or whatever, I always try to remind myself that at the end of the day this is mostly recreational because your ability to get to anything like a comprehensive overview of the fucking evidence of of of that can fill in the gaps, it's not going to happen, and seeking it can kind of drive you crazy. but it is fun and you have to experience it, i think the best way to do it is fun, and the thing is, it's also constructive because while you're sifting through the conspiracy uh silt, you could get a ton of gold that you can hang on to, like what you mainly have to do is just stop is not have to feel like you have to carry around in your head a resolved answer to a lot of the questions surrounding stuff like this, that it really doesn't matter if you know in your heart. whether it's one way or the other, because when you get to that point, that belief is going to end up being brittle, because you're always speculating, and then because it's a brittle belief you end up having to defend it in public compulsively, because you're just anxious about it all the time, because you haven't convinced yourself, and that leads you further away from the truth and and further towards pointless confrontation to reinforce your ideas, instead of just allowing yourself to glide between and just remember what you what the bedrock is, you know, between what you think you know about the world and what you know is speculative, and uh, and anytime we find ourself getting really bound up around questions, specifically of like more, moral questions and questions of like historical uh voracity, you have to be able to recognize when you're sort of floating, when you've lost uh connection to bedrock, and and and that'll keep you from just keeping. yourself on the wrong course, you and you can stop swimming and just kind of float back towards the shore. i just use like 17 metaphors there and they were all absolute gibbrish. i'm such a dumb ass. how's it going in the chat? guys, taking a look here, seeing what we have. oh man, someone says just Jessie ventura, and i'm just reminded again of what we lost by.... not running as the green party candidate a synthesis of Trump and Bernie, the one we need, too bad. uh, people say like, why would why would Gladio guys want to kill John Paul II? It's not like he was a liberation theologist, he was a good cold warrior, yes, but according to Williams, he refused to bail out the... bank with money that they could have done it with, they're basically saying that he was too, because he was not really aware of the whole program, he had sort of coming from the outside, he was a polock, he wasn't part of... the inner circle of uh American and Italian uh prelates who were like in P2, even though uh Catholics are not supposed to join the freemasons, all these guys, all these Italian guys were all P2, but he was sort of outside of it, so he didn't really know what the Vatican Bank was in terms of this crucial element in the global uh like arms and drug trade that was financing the uh the the the'. military right in Italy and maintaining this the balance of powers that prevented the communist from coming to power, he wasn't aware of that, he was just like, no, no, we shouldn't do that, that's corrupt, and then that helped lead to a lot of spillage, and and a big scandal that led to the collapse of a number of the banks, a big a short-term economic crisis in in Italy, and then eventually the revealing of the entire P2 organization and uh gladio itself, so you can see why there might have been a motive to uh perporate that motherfucker and get somebody who in there who would spread the money around and keep things on the QT, but as I said, I don't know, it's fun to talk about, it's fun to speculate about, but I don't know, yeah, Godfather 3 actually talks about all this shit, and in Godfather 3 they show the fucking uh, John Paul getting poisoned, and I honestly feel like that one's almost an open. shut case, i feel like he was probably as close as i'm going to get to confident, i'm going to say that John Paul the first was fucking gacked that this dude coming in here and taking, he wanted to look at the books is the thing, and that was not going to happen, 33 days in the pontificate, but yeah, not over any uh any doctrinal issues, just purely covering their asses related to the giant drug money laundering operation that they had going. That's a thing that I don't think is a question, whether or not the assassinations happened is up in the air, but whether or not the Vatican was laundering drug money for the mafia and the CIA, I don't think there's a question about that one, which is kind of nuts when you think about it, because that does sound like crazy conspiracy giberish, and it often gets put in with other stuff that is more outlandish, but it's basically established fact, and it doesn't change anything, and that's my real problem with conspiracy theory. as a heuristic is that it presupposes that revelation of the secret will somehow change the reality. the end result of every secure of every conspiracy narrative is a generalized awareness, it's supposed to end in a congressional hearing or opening of files or testimony that brings to light a secret reality that people aren't aware of and that's why Q is the perfect accelerated version of this, because it imagines an apocalyptic revelation, all that you knew, all the people you thought were uh were uh trusted custodians of power or or celebrities are actually demonic creatures bent on your destruction, and we are are uh saving you from them, and that's not how it's going to work, if we're going to beat any of this shit, not because people are going to know how bad everything is, the thing about hyper reality is everybody knows as fucking Leonard Cohan would say, everybody knows every all the worst thing you could imagine everybody at a base level knows, if we found out tomorrow that Bush did 911, it wouldn't change anything, it would have go from a thing that people kind of thought was true to like, ah yeah, there you go, I have figures, we have normalized everything because at a bone deep level we know and we just... distract ourselves from that reality by carrying out these ritualized political performances that imbu our life with meaning and drama and distract us from that fundamental truth and so no uh nothing based on like educating people about like what the bad guys did and and who they are is going to do anything. knowledge alone will do nothing. only knowledge that is generated from action is anything that can be built upon. and That's what comes from people doing things together and finding in the doing of things together purpose. Is the bird drinking? The bird's drinking, Chris, I've been watching it. We were worried the bird wasn't going to drink, that motherfucker is Guzlin, very happy to see it. I love a good drinking bird, don't we all love, folks, we love it, the bird he drinks, he's the best, he's the best of drinking, they say, they say he's the best there is, I don't know, I I honestly think it might be me, folks, I think I drink better, I drink really good, I use both hands, never spil a drop, never get a drop spilled, ever, never spil a drop of my tie, the silk, the silk ties. Trump seems like he's uh he's not happy right now, I think maybe uh the the steroids are wearing off a little bit, storming away from the uh, the 60 minutes interview, not a good sign, I think he's gonna be tonight, tomorrow night I'm very much looking forward to, I think it'll be fun, so here's the thing we were thinking about, I'm gonna put this to you guys, I kind of don't want to stream the debate itself. just because watching the first one it really felt like having a hat on a hat to have anyone even commenting because it was like the shape of the thing was what was funny and it was kind of felt wrong to interrupt it and yet we couldn't stop uh i was thinking maybe since this is going to be the last one where they're like together in the same room uh and that means trump's gonna be rip snorting and hooting and torton because i really don't think that there's any way that they can uh pacify him at this point. uh short of rino Tranks, I think it's going to be a absolute cocophany, and as such I think it might be better experience just as something you allow to uh wash over you, but maybe we could do a post-debate react, where we just kind of go over some of the highlights, does anyone sound, does that sound fun to anybody? does that sound like a good idea? getting getting some agreement. It looks like we're getting good approval on that. All right, let's do that then. It'll be at least me and Chris, we'll see if we can get any other buddy, anybody else to go on. I think everyone else was so destroyed by that last debate and so traumatized that they haven't been able to even think about doing another talk about one. I can pull up clips and stuff after words and we can watch the highlights and I had a great time. I had such a good time watching that debate eventually after I pushed through, but then I had a great time watching the Dueling Town Halls. Uh, honestly that's I hope I wish they did that more. it was a vibe as they say, it was a vibe. all right, so we're gonna do, we're gonna do a a a react, that sounds good. all right, perfect, we'll see who else wants to do it. remember when Matt did joker makeup for the Bernie debate? i remember, i remember that, that was back during jokerification, which was the last stage before grill fillification kicked in. Oh god, remember when I got super drunk, oh I really don't others do, poor Chris, oh man, I feel so bad about that, that was a real bungle, uh, can I make a a embarrassing miakolpa for that? uh, I feel terrible about that whole incident, mostly because I was the one who brought the rum, I was the one who said, you know what, let's get let's get real real wild for this, and then I was so consumed with running. my first ever elaborate stream that uh uh you know i feel like that was a productorial lapse um yeah but i'm still the fucking disgusting glutten who drank an entire bottle of rum without realizing i was the producer saying that it would be good it would make for good tape so i think we can i i want to take like 50% of the the uh well i'll take a little load off because it does still bash me a little bit i just assumed others would be drinking from it and i didn't notice that i was the only one pouring from it. until I was like halfway done and then it's like the momentum be taken over, well I drank the entire thing and that was overproofed, yes it was overproved, that was over fucking proof, took the entire thing to the dome, god yeah that was uh, I think that was the I have not gotten anywhere near that drunk since then, I think that was like the low point for me alcohol-wise in a while, uh, yeah, so I think I'm I'm doing much better now, I'll take this moment in that recollection to say. that we are planning on doing some kind of elaborate election night broadcast absolutely and that will not be hammered off of rum, we will keep it keep it under uh control and try to put, i might i'm not no promises, i might be rolling, hell yeah, i might be uh, i might have some acid in me uh or i might have chinese research chemicals uh but there will be no uh fucking handle of uh rum to the face i'll just take this moment to try to promise to put on the in cuz I've been feeling very depressed over the last few days that one of the things COVID has taken from us is getting to do a big election night show yeah that would have been so fun fucking COVID the china virus but I will try to put on as big of a best of show as I can from this we're going to be here in the office we're going to finally get to use this whole set which uh Chris had made and which is fantastic it's going to be like the Dick Cavat show when Peter Falk and John Cassives and Ben Gazar over there just a raw looking good time. as we watch the election not get called, that's the funniest part, because there will be no call that night, unless Biden wins a huge landslide, uh, will likely not be a call on election night, which is uh, this is the first time I think in a long time that that has happened with anyone expecting it to be the case, I think we all just assume that you'll get a call before uh midnight, but I don't think we're getting that this year, although you know there's that whole thing about we're in a position now where a biden landslide is more likely than Trump winning in any way, you know, so those p. could be, you know, buse poles can be wrong two ways, and if they're undercounting Biden in some way, now I'm saying, not saying that's likely, I think it's possible, you could see a huge landside, and even with the fucking right in ballots you might have the thing, you might have enough electoral votes decided to uh end it then, and honestly that would be one of the funniest things in the world, if we had a goddamn uh, after this like hugely uh dramatic build up about how we're getting ready to reach some sort of... civil war type situation like it's fucking Republican Spain all over again and then uh it's over go back to brunch everybody the uh uh we've switched to a kindly old grandpa instead of a crazy old grandpa. uh the Chicago 7 episode will be tomorrow I'm going to. i've watched it, it was, i got to say it was entertaining, it's his movies i think are better than his tv shows just in terms of uh being entertaining buse, i mean the shows are what they are, you know, brutal sklogs, his movies, molly's game is fun, few good men is a solid 90s uh programmer, uh, american president's pretty good in zippy and has some good stuff in it uh um social network is a great movie, he's uh, Charles Wilson Wilson's war is absolute dog shit, but there are good movies among those movies I just listed, there are no good shows among his shows, I think it's because he can't allow, he can't like, he b, every time he starts making a a project, he's locking himself in his garage and just farting essentially, and it's like the shorter the project, the less time he has. to just die of fart inhalation, which is what happens on his TV shows, he just starts huffing nothing but pure methane, and I think with a shorter runtime and a shorter character arcs, he's able to sort of trim the fat and and keep it entertaining instead of uh sucking on his own donk, but I think it's a fun movie, it's fine, but the lib, the lib, the lib, the lib shit in that movie, it is pure uncut liber. is more and uh, it is, yes it is the purest form of the liberalism, it is quite liberal, of course the real hero of the movie is the prosecutor, as that's of course perfect for uh, for him, it's just so perfect, so we'll talk about that, if i can get a hold of an HBO max login, I want to watch that fucking uh West Wing Hamilton election special that they did that is available now, I don't know why they would leave that on HBO max if they really wanted to affect the election. Isn't that just proof that this is all stroke off bullshit? Hey, we're gonna inspire America to vote, as long as they've already paid $15 a month for some bullshit boutique fucking streaming service, forest streaming service. It's not even HBO, which means the people are going to watch it or people already vote, are you fucking kidding me? This isn't reaching anybody on the fence about voting or voting democrat, it's just a chance for them all to stroke each other off, just a giant fucking lemon party of liberal piety, everybody eating each other's spray, wouldn't you make that shit free, wouldn't you put it on youtube? Nope, $30 a month, prols, if you want to learn how apport it is to vote and participate in our electoral system, but I would like to watch it, I would like to see what it is, I thought, see, I wasn't too excited when it was it debut because I thought it was just a table read, but apparently it's a whole production, and the Lin Manuel Miranda is in there. Lin Manuel Miranda as we call him in the Midwest. Linn man well miranda god get that nasal. Yeah. What's going on, what's going on, what is a body without organs? uh, my butt, we should do a chapel election simulation, like the one that was stimulating the erection of uh Jeffrey Tube out. everybody plays a different element, somebody's the deep state, somebody's the deep state, somebody's q, somebody is uh uh Nancy pelose's blood bag, that'd be funny, i am not q, let me just say that, oh god, mitch mcconnel's hands, hands are only supposed to get that red if blood is pooling it. them which is what happens after the the heart ceas is pumping if once you die like if you lie in bed and your heart stops beating your blood stops circulating in your body and it settles so if you're lying down it settles in your like butt and in your back and if you were to like be hung up it would settle in your hands he looks like a corps on a fucking rope why why why is he alive? how are these eldrich creatures kept living? did you guys see that picture of fucking prince Charles's hands where it looks like he's got a fucking fist full of like uh of of beat root? he's got these big yam fingers that are bright red, he's got a he's got like the pedophile association signet ring on and you can't even see it around the fucking throbbing red meat. how are these fucks alive? they are being kept alive by elger trituals, it's either literal, I'm either talking, buse like there's two ways this could be true right, and this is true of all good conspiracy stuff, the stuff the tracks, there's a shadow like narrative reality, and then there is the bare you know uh material base that it comes from, and in the case of uh of like the unnatural long life of these freakish old fucks, it's they're using sourcer. right, they're doing ritualistic sacrifice of the innocent to power like a satanic machinery of life that fills them unnaturally, but the bare material reflection uh reality that that gets turned into by the mind is because these guys just get to swim in an ocean of abstracted uh surplus value that is torn out of everybody else in the world at the expense of their own health and happiness and ability to... drive and have access to material uh restoration, they're able to have access to the the most developed forms of capital uh in every air aspect of technology, that includes medicine, so look at that fat piece of shit, chris christie, this tub of ass, this guy who's the loser's loser, he was eat been eating Trump's shit for four years, got owned by him in the primary and then simperingly kissed his ass and got his McDonald's in the hope that he'd get in the cabinet got turfed out of the white house by Jared Kushner because he put his daddy in jail and how dare he put his wonderful dad who was an absolute scumbag and huge criminal and 100% guilty in jail, it's not like his dad was one of the central park five, and then he goes off into the wilderness, grubs around on fucking cable news and tries out to be a fucking sports d sports radio guy, and they can't even hack that, and then he comes back crawling to Trump, gets COVID, because he has to be a alpha like Trump and not wear a mask, and now and then that guy who is just a giant bundle of comorbidities, the fucking fat turd with asthma, he gets the experimental ultra miracle serum that Eli lily has, that is not for general consumption, the guy who's the ex-governor of fucking uh of New Jersey, he has no executive power, he has no need for, what is he do, what's the point of chris christie, what is he doing, he is unnecessary, he's going to call into mike and the maddog and complain about the cowboys, he's a fucking waste of space, he's law, his political career is over, his usefulness to the kabal is finished, it's not anything other than an aeroren boy, and he still gets the experimental super serum that allows him to survive a fucking covid diagnosis that absolutely should have killed him, just like the crazy shit they put into Trump, including experimental apeon and fucking irradiated tiger blood and a fucking uh steroids that would make sea biscuits heart explode, he gets to survive, maybe who knows how long, he could, he seems like he's running at a high temperature, he could just pop it any minute, but he's still going, and that is the... aldrich ritual, that is their access to that this stuff that we don't get, none of us get that, why, why are we less worthy of the beneficience of the of our social product, of our of our scientific advances than the fat puck piece of shit ex-governor of fucking New Jersey, and I know people might say that I'm being abilist or or loost about fat people. First of all, I am not a thin man myself. secondly, i use that just to say that christie as a man who has no socio-economic uh uh determiners that might make him a larger, a man who has access to all of the the the highest beneficience of being in a a high earner in America, meaning access to good food, exercise regimes, the ability to stay healthy, and and given and the fact that he is driven enough to acquire - material uh power and wealth and influence and position to this and be focused enough to be a fucking guy and he's still a piece of fat fucking m&m eating piece of shit, it's just it's proof that he is like many of our ruling class just a disgusting uh selfish scumbag and that none of them have any virtues to speak of and that the lack of virtue manifest itself in different ways and in the specific form of Chris christie it's in the fact that he's a fucking big fat piece of shit. shit, but anyway, apologies for uh, fattism, it just drives me crazy that more than anything, anyone would feel the need to crack out the fucking crack out like the case of uh, you know, the the eight the 1796 uh, roth child, you know, like the $2000 bottle of wine for Chris Christy, he has nothing to give anyone, and yet he still gets it cuz he's in the fucking club, he gets the miracle. because he's been initiated into the cult of Malok and so he gets access to it. so yeah, they are ritually sucking the life of the rest of us and using it to unnaturally extend their own lives. Mitch McConnell would be dead if he was a pharmacist. Donald Trump would... dead if he was uh a guy who worked at a grocery store, instead they all live forever, yes chris christie was too big to fail indeed, what's going on? what's going on? what's going on? what's going on? what's going on? hey, what happened with the moon? is the announcement happened yet? i believe the announcement is coming monday. oh, how are you going to tease me that long? well, that that's how they get, that's how they get you to tune into NASA these days. you have to wait for that, that's true, they've really learned, they're they're leading into the game show host model, and hey, it worked for the president, at least for so for so long it has, we'll see. yeah, but the... they're gonna drop moon to, it would be so funny if they're like, uh, we're blowing up the moon, remember that mr. show sketch, we're just going to do that, America, can and must and will blow up the moon, and we're gonna do it during a full moon to make sure we get it all. hey, mr. monkey, don't be asking why cuz you don't mess around with american pride. CS Lewis Jr. man, that's a good show. Mr. Show, Mr. Show, yes, formative program for me. really uh, yeah, help create my uh, my outlook in many ways, but yeah, what else could it be? they're going to put a base on it, that would be cool, they found life, there can't be life on the moon, i i've said this before, but my most nationalist take is that it uh, it sucks that we can't put that we have lost the ability, the domestic ability to put america. into space, yeah, if we're going to go out there, we should invest, we should like take it seriously, don't don't fuck around like try to privatize it, anything worth doing is worth doing with the full gusto and weight of coordinated federal response, and i think that should include moon shit and and space shit, because there's a lot to learn there, and there's a lot of stuff that could help us domestically, and it does, but it should be part of a broader, you know, effort that is not this barebones monstrosity that we see. before us, yeah, it also I think it works on the um symbolic level to like show people that the state is still capable of doing things, yeah. someone wants to grill a thanksgiving turkey, good lord, how could you possibly do that? very carefully, very good, grill on the moon, yes, before the end of the decade, choose to grill on the moon, not because it is easy, but because i am hard, i am very... god, i am the president, i am the horny president, my name is John f Kennedy and i am the horny president, you know what, he actually wasn't that much hornier than a lot of those guys though, although he was in the top quartile, i will say that, but lbj also wildly horny, big time horny, he once said about jfk, quote, i've had more women on accident than that boy has on purpose. uh Warren G Harding uh impregnated a woman in the senate cloak room, that happened. Oh, I've been seeing earlier in the stream there were a lot of calls that uh, you should put an offer on quibby Matt. Ah, yes, let's no, apparently they're not, no one's, yeah, no one's buying it, so I think we might be able to get it for pennies on the dollar, I think that all six of us should forgo one months uh, uh, salary, put an offer in. Yeah, I wonder... but what would we do with it? would we keep the idea of it being quick bits? uh, just slowly increase the number of bits and decrease the number of shows until you're just putting out one really good show on quivy. oh okay, i get what you're saying. oh, okay, like all the different shows start off as separate shows, but then you solly realize that they're all part of one big show, and eventually all the dividing lines between the shows go away and then it's just one long program and then it never ends. yes. it becomes a show that like keeps it's it's oh shit this is we just made it Charlie Koughman needs to come in on this I mean people Charlie Koughman's quibby is what we just described that shit people love tracking out extended universes realizing that one character in one show is like the ont of another character in another show that's that's Charlie Koffman presents quibby we got to get him as creative director Charlie Koffman with a q that's what we'll call it quaffman. looking at my cards here uh folks, i was talking before the stream that the um the the desert storm trading cards have been a great source of uh fun and riffing on the stream, but you know there's only so much juice that desert storm has, if you can anybody suggest another thing that would be just you know something we could pull randomly of that would like a desert storm trading card to uh to know uh uh inspire tangents garbage pail i'm sure you would be um uh disgusted by the horrible garbage pill kids matt pathetic no uh i actually had a big old i had a large garbage pail kid collection in my home when i was a child and then one day my sister my skunk of a younger sister went in and took them all off took all the stickers off the backing it was furious but i really enjoyed them i enjoyed the the garbage pail children they were disgusting and hideous but i i thought were cute, i like them a lot, uh, they were awesome and and epic, i think uh, you know, and a lot of them were very gross, like they want, they got really serious, like some of those art, some of the art and those things, you've got really grotesque shit, like shit and visera and blood and guts, but i remember they did a re-issue of them a few years ago and i bought a pack out of nostalgia and they were like updated and there references to like gangdom style and fucking uh like. varbal movies and i was like oh fuck this get out of here terrible so somebody suggested um q and on trading cards which i didn't know if it was real or not and i had to look up and uh there are apparently q and on trading cards in the style of something else we've talked about this uh uh magic the gathering and i think if i could get my hands on one of these i would love to bring them in that sounds awesome the ones they have displayed is uh flin uh who is a future type former US army general dash patriot, they also have a um hogwash former parkland student dash trader david hog, he's of course in the swamp, fucking hog, i think we should get our hands on some of these, we need those, i need must cop as the kids say, i'll see if i can i can track them down, uh, there's one here that i enjoyed out of this pack, it's uh personnel navy, us navye seals, having their roots in world war 2, see air land seal team are trained in unconventional warfare, they perform reconnaissance, underwater demolition and special operations in coastal areas, yeah, like Afghanistan, highly mobile and lightly armed, they rely on stealth, concealment and surprise. to accomplish most operations, this elite force's members are highly educated and physically fit. i just wanted to show this because the actual picture is a couple of beef cakes with no shirts on on the beach, it's like it's not a dude in in an outfit with his you know his his scuba suit in a mp5 or something, it's just some hunks play doing the volleyball scene from topgun. they do, i got to say they look pretty hunky, but none of them are looking at the camera because you have to maintain opsec which i Matt did you see the uh that video from the Egyptian army that was going around the other day oh hell yeah the parade of beef cakes oh man trying to find that real quick cc's Egypt is on on one man they're really having a good time over there god there's got to be something freeing about just having naked military rule like not even pretending to put a fatina of politics on it like oh yeah the army just runs everything. that just feels like kind of soothing, and then what do you get out of it? you get parades of beefcake, you get sweet beef cake parades and we love to see it. okay, let's see if i can bring this up, hunks, let's look at some of them beef cakes, it's raining man, hallelujah, it's raining man, it's raining man, hallelujah, it's raining man, yeah, yeah, look at those boys, look at those beefy boys, does it have a soundtrack? uh, let's see, absolutely, so they are ripped, these guys are ripped, i i got to say if i was, if i was the uh, the false government of Libya, uh standing in the way of the glorious general halftar, i would be waiking in my boots. all right folks, any questions in the chat? thoughts and Bolivia, I thought we covered Bolivia twice this week. Yeah, Bolivia, I think we got our words out there oblivia, uh, it's all as usual, it's we'll see, that's how it all boils down, but it's certainly a better, it's... i think better than the alternative in every respect for now, so that's good. uh, i want to shout out, this was way back when Matt was talking about the uh, the pope about how the assassination of the pope was obliquely referenced in the new pope, uh, new pope, young pope, great serieses, highly recommend both of those, i got mad to watch the young pope which he didn't really care for, but new pope you were pretty into, yeah, i couldn't really vibe with the austere hair shirt. uh jude law pope, i was on much more of on the same wavelank with the uh erotic, sensuous, indulgent pope, john Pauld played by john malkovic, i was like, okay, this guy wants to seduce people into catholicism, i'm vibing on that, rather than uh fucking jude law trying to get you all to just revert to the your chilted stage by spanking you abruptly on the bottom. absolutely so get wet thoughts on aoc and ilan omar's twitch stream i don't know if i have any uh i'm just i'm did any of them have have heated gamer moments it seems to me like twitch a lot of people on twitch a lot of young people better to have them seeing that than to see fucking pewdi doing a like playing uh, you know, fucking holocaust simulator, i mean i guess that's better than the alternative, but it just it seemed like it it launched, it was the game that launched a thousand soy faces, i'll say that, people were just soy facing hard over that, uh, it's it's it's nice to have fun with with some of the best, but it's fine, people got upset about it, it's like come on, it's like why, why shouldn't you be yelling at Nancy pelosie? it's like come on man, come on, that's just like why is obama golfing so much stuff, it's like you're looking for something to get mad at. I did appreciate uh Elon today retweeting Jordan Oll saying holy shit Ilon is cracked at this game just because I think it's funny for a congresswoman to retweet somebody saying holy shit about their own gaming skills I also like that Ilon posted her rig specs yeah she is cool she's pogged she's pogged up maybe it maybe it is a sticking a lip position but it is it is okay to say that some congress people are in fact cool. Ilon is is specifically cool I think regardless of any question about you know the political project she's just she's pretty cool I mean we met her for god sake yeah we met her twice she was very cool and and more importantly she was nice specifically to us which she is a good right there it's amazing how that helps like you know what uh this person I met and was nice to me she's uh pretty great but you know I think honestly being nice to me is a good reflection on other people frankly cuz I'm a delight. people who don't like me in public uh honestly uh it's usually a problem with them buse i'm charming i'm i'm a charming charming gentlemen guys did you know that adbusters is still being made are you aware of this you hear about this kevin you hear about this they're still making adbusters man in 2020 i mean this is like if they made a magazine for the Japanese guys who stayed in the... mountains in the in the islands for 20 years after World War II. I'm now just thinking of the the the lost ronin of genx. Yep, uh, the though those still uh, you know, maintaining the the poise that chain coffee is going to destroy this this country. Yeah, it's it's what what it was was, it was, it was the leftism of the end of history. It was like, we were, we did feel there was no alternative. So the only point of. rebellion was long aesthetics essentially, like this society is commodified, it's just a reset, it was a resettle setting of like the one-dimensional man marcus critique of like the of of the conformity of the 50s, just like through the after synthesized further through the crucible of the 60s cultural revolution, but look at this, it got 20, 1946 it's got a thanksgiving dinner, a family around a table, enjoying a wholesome meal that uh is proof of the work and love of... people for one another 2020, that's right, eating damn McDonald's at the freaking McDonald's store, eating freaking big max, that says so much about society, here's a good question, I think we should all be asking ourselves, will high fashion suddenly look stupid or will our luxury fantasies and hyper individuality grow even more intense, damn dude, what do you get? what do you got? i'm going to go with intensification of fancy go with intensification? yes, okay, that'll be interesting. we'll see, won't we? i'm looking at some of these pictures, they're of hunks. are is there a uh... is there a centerfold in this? there's a few hunks, i got to say there's some hunks in here, check out these hunks, these are the hun, these are the anti-consumer hunks right here, the babes of anti-consumerism, yeah, some some sheekbones on display right here, oh dam, see like it looks like a fashion magazine, and you're like, oh, is this the latest fashion, uh, wrong, no, it's not cuz some of the letters are scratched out, it's been hacked. It's been adbusted. I got to say though guys, addbusting makes me feel good. I don't know about you, if we got an hour, we're we're almost at an hour, I'm wit to see if there's any, let's wrap it up shortly, any more uh uh questions, any more good ones. Addbusters, but for balls. You've been culture jammed. I'm afraid you have been culture jammed. Here's a... thing for called the mental liberation front and it's got this thing, i didn't sign up for total surveillance, yes this is detornment, this is this is some detornament is this shit's detornament as fuck, this shit's detornament as fuck uh let's maybe because we're talking about the debate a little on our plans for let's do a uh maybe just a quick debate preview, somebody asked, do you think Trump will go all out at Biden tomorrow since it's his last major appearance? like what is the what is the end game? uh, I got to assume that they've they're keeping him going on steroids so he's... going to be zord zuuded and he's going to be the blood's going to be pumping on he's going to be on that wanted shit you know and like James Mackavoy gets the super high and he's like the thing start vision bit blurs he's going to be on that shit and he's going to see Burt Biden and he's going to be like I got to fucking just stiff this old man and apparently there's going to be a mute button is that what I heard yes mods going to be hugely affected and what's going to be very interesting to see is how Trump reacts to that buse that's a first that has never happened to him before and I and I don't know how he accommodates that if he's going to be able to stop himself from just charging into the red cape of the uh of the bullfighter but we shall see we shall see didn't they didn't aren't the did they also agree the last minute to make it just a foreign policy debate he demanded that I don't know if they agreed all right buse that that felt like a bit of a punt for him he doesn't really want to talk about Koh I will say that and he does want to talk about Ukraine specifically Hunter and his crooked dealings, sorry guys, everyone likes hunter and everybody likes uh, what's his name, but joe, everyone likes joe biden too, he's just he's the opposite of Hillary Clinton, it's like this really just show, we we act like these things have some sort of logic to them, like even if Trump is an incoherent and and and uh and frankly pathological uh political uh phenomenon. It's understandable uh as a rejection of Clintonian, Obama ask DLC centrism, which holds no hope for anybody, but now it's four years later, and the same fucking centrism is being brought back out, but because it's a genial old man, instead of that Harpy who frankly a lot of people didn't like, some for good reasons, some for genuinely sexist reasons, it's okay now, in fact it's great and we love it, the there's the political system is so many fucking... levels of mystification and baffling that we could, we really must try to restrain our desire to pull, pan too much meaning out of who wins these fucking elections, because people are voting off of the most obscure and mind bending rationals that collectively, i don't think add up to any kind of like desire on the part of a collective as much as sort of a collective expression of it sanity, well it's also that you know as you were just saying it's it's you can much easier say that Hillary lost 2016 than Trump won it. 100%. I think that you will be able to say the same about this if it if it goes towards Biden that it isn't as much that Trump that Biden won the election than Trump 100%. We'll see if that pants out. It who knows how the these totals and and splits are going to go. Maybe there is a huge surge and democratic turnout and he's you know, but even that is something to argue that it's all just polarization against Trump that people are showing up in huge droves not to vote for Joe Biden. but to vote against Donald Trump, there's no way that Biden can be the source for any of this, one way or the other, even if you see a massive uh title wave of an election, it will not be because of Biden, which is the way they want it, they want it to be about Trump, because that means anything they do is by definition good, because it's not Trump doing it, and hey, if you think it's not good enough, do you want Trump to do it because he's there, he's waiting in the wings, him and his followers, if not him, the next version, there will always be someone there to discipline you away. from uh criticizing or falling away from the democratic project? yeah, uh, and the worse it gets, the more you can be chastized. indeed, it suches, but it, you know, i i don't want to draw this out too long, we should sign up soon, but it is just interesting to see how that dynamic plays out of like being like, you trying to position ourselves as like, it's not going to be good, but we the democrats are this bullwork against some kind of incipient fascism that will roll over us like a tide from an unleashed dam if you don't vote for us. coupled with what you're already seeing and you this this has been upticked just even in the last two weeks so much of the attitude of man i can't wait to go back to not paying attention to not thinking about things all the bad things are only getting worse and on a fast accelerated time table and the need for people to be activated against them in some way and by being activated find a way are instead going to retreat even further into fantasy and in fact just another realm of fantasy where they get to disconnect from their... imagine connection to politics whatsoever, because oh my god that whole time they were freaking out about Trump, they could have logged off, they could have stopped caring, they didn't because they enjoyed it, because they got it got their fucking rocks off and and defending Biden against the tie, the blood tie that he's about to unleash is not going to get the rocks off, so they'll just care about something else, which is exactly why I've signed off from from the time being for listening to pod safe of America, but I can't wait to start listening again if after a Biden victory. because i can't wait to see how they're trying to engage their crowd of people who have they been carawling this entire time being like we absolutely like you have to stay engaged we absolutely must the work is forever. you are, you are a soldier in the army of democracies and that's also their success is be is being that. i can't, the one thing that i have, i think that might come, the only positive i see coming out of this is that i think and i hope that that phenomenon will be less prevalent on the actual left, and that the actual left is is now will be in fact engaged to like, to compelled now to engage this new reality of this democratic, this feckless democratic hunger chancellorship, and that will... them against an opponent that will be demobilized, that's the uh, that's the hope, yeah, i mean i don't want is it going to happen, i don't know, but it could, it's lot, it's realistic, it's not, it's not pying the sky, it's just it comes down to a lot of other factors, but i could definitely see the failure, the immediate failure of the biden campaign to do anything other than whatever your worst nightmares of it were going to be, not driving people to move forward, because even if they're doing itly, the the'. Lebito has already been jazz by the fight and by the defeat, they're already like committed to it, so it's like it's just a further, you know, stab to the growing, whereas for the liberal, when you've made it your architecture that like democratic uh rule is by definition uh, you know uh, peace and justice and an ideal state, the closest thing to a panglassi and best of all possible world. then how can you keep carrying? yeah, so I think that's hope. yeah, it's not a lot, it's a thin read, but the only reads we have are pretty thin at this point. i'll leave you guys with this, i just took this off of my jacket, uh, these just came in the mail today, they're demockups for some new chapo uh pins, little pins that you can put on your shirts or backpacks or something, and these will be on sale soon and they look really sick and they're nice and uh uh heavy good metal and everything um so yeah looking forward to that uh anyway uh should we sign off mat? yeah let's do it all right i'm going to throw on a song but uh say goodbye matt goodbye matt.