 fighter, he moves his words like a prize fighter, a crousing face on the mine, inside the cell, the man on the street might just as well be, the man on the street might just as well, the man on the street might just as well be outside, outside the walls, i'd here you don't hear the echos and calls with the steel eye. tight jaw, say it all, say it all, and the white paint, plastic saints, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say somebody has got to say it all, yeah, somebody has got to say it all. I'm so nervous, I'm so tense, that forget about this self-defense, my breath comes fast, thumb the cool blade, but I know this can't last, I'm the cool blade and I know this can't last. outside, outside the wall, out here, you don't hear the echos and calls, but the steel eye, tight, jaw, say it on, say it all, at the white paint, plastic, saints, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say it all, say somebody, has got to say it all, somebody has got to say it all, uh, let me be clear, uh, I'm barack Obama, and uh, I'm a very disappointed uh, in you, the American people, you uh have uh not uh lived up to uh my expectations of you uh very disappointing to uh see you uh fail to uh carry out uh my political uh ideas for you and honestly uh it leaves me very disappointed and I might have to uh leave the country until you uh figured out what's wrong. It's amazing to think about how Obama captured the liberal imagination the way he did, because he his idea of politics, this this thing of of being our professor, basically who is uh, who gives us homework assignments and then grades them uh, caught on, but it makes sense when you remember that, he he was there to recreate the democratic coalition uh in the aftermath of party politics decaying over the course of the uh the post 70's era and recapitulating it along this educational line uh and so he he told a bunch of people who went to school and who fully assimilated the idea that education is virtue, and that submitting oneself to the discipline of scholarship is the path towards not only personal virtue, but also worldly success, and so you got this guy in the white house during eight years of crisis that never ended, who is able to somehow convince a huge percentage of people who had elected him thinking that he was going to be the vanguard of the political change, that it was actually their fault that nothing got better, because uh it was up to them to do the homework, which meant voting for democrats all the time, and the funny thing is is the ones who loved the most did vote for democrats, but the people who don't give a shit about making the teacher happy, which is most regular people, were less assiduous, more... likely to just tune it out and Obama blames them and then the people who did vote every time also blame them and then it more than... they blame him, they blame themselves for failing to engage their fellow citizens well enough, it's kind of amazing. um, i agree that polar is better than lecro, it's just lacroy is what was near at hand at the store, yeah, that's thing, there's no polar, polar is absolutely the goat, sadly no polar here, uh, i was a polar devote. and it's in retrospect, it's incredibly predictable, and in fact inevitable that the antithesis to Obama's idea of of governing would be someone whose pitch was, fuck school, fuck the professor, fuck the teacher, fuck classes, fuck grades, fuck homework. and the real problem for democrats like something that at this point is a lacuna in their site that cannot be rectified because of how fully encapsulated they are at the top from interactions with non-democrats like with large d self-identified members of this new professional uh, it's essentially a professional networking association, the Democratic party, they think that that they imagine appeals and they imagine politics by pointing towards these ideas of of wanting to please an imagined. uh teacher somewhere, like you you should want to do this stuff because it means you're going to get a good grade and people are going to respect you, but if faith in this conveyor belt, this academic conveyor belt is eroded outside of all of the areas where people have been rewarded by the system uh, then that that internal uh regulator gets dissolved into nothing, and so you got a situation where the... just are incapable of uh appealing to anybody, it's wild, like the the emphasis on the January 6th thing at the end of the day boils down to a outrage at violations of propriety that for most people have lost salience, they either have embraced direct and and uh open hostility to these institutions, or more people don't care about these institutions, they've checked out, and nothing, nothing within the box of things that these people care about can be connected to the real desire, real interests and real demands of regular people, so it'll be very interesting to see how they'... move forward, i mean they're obviously going to lose the mid-terms, but 2024 will be very interesting, because we've saw with 2020 that it is uh undialectical to try to do another Obama, because Obama was a thesis, was a thesis of political identity, and and then Trump came along, demanding some new thing, and uh, instead what they'... was tried to emphasize uh a a Obama with a different ideal, a different identity constituency, but they were all to separate it, so it ended up winning was the husk of the party itself in the form of Biden, but this is the last gasp of that old machine, the machine's gone, it's now Obama's party, they're all Obama's people, except for the ones who are so old uh that they are not going to be able to they're not. realistic uh claimers for the mantle, it will be interesting, who's been enjoying uh spooky season? who's been enjoying uh all the terrifying taless of ghouls and goblins that we love this time of year, i know i have. I've watched a uh a bunch of horror films this month, none of them really stood out as great, I got to say. say let me see if there's anything here that's more than mediocre, of course, you could argue that like the uh, the synthesis of the want to be obama's and the Bernie wing uh would be uh AO. see, but I think that the burny part of that coalition is been dispersed, and it's going to be very hard for anyone to re, kinddle that spirit within the party, because of how how dramatic the route was at every level, it's not quite as, it's not quite as public as what's happening in England with the labor party, but It's it's of a similar uh dynamic, so yeah, once again, the national, national politics, nothing's, nothing's moving there, no no reason to get too carried up, carried out, local politics might be different, might be reasons to participate in your local political process, if there seems to be possibility uh for... daylight given local conditions that can actually be surmised and engaged with by uh by people on the ground, like the real problem with national politics is is that it's such a remove like the actual conditions of the debates uh and the negotiations that make up what we end up getting is so removed from regular people that there's no way for you to even know what's going on you just get the shadow play in the national press, like i mean i have zero idea what the fuck is going on with this stupid goddamn uh reconciliation bill whatever the shit i have like i have tried to kind of cut myself off from any of that because it's just so inscritable all you really know is that the parties funders are strangling uh a thing that would be good for capital and good for the party generally, but we are at a stage now when party discipline, party ideological structure has largely dissolved, and all that's left are the individual preferences of people within the political, uh, the economic or within the electoral structure, and then individual preferences among rich people. so the system is now got to the point where it's incapable of addressing reall addressable and direct crisis within it, it's pretty wild. all right, i'm looking through some of the horror movies i watched this month, yeah, not a lot of winners, i liked the empty man, i felt like the empty man could have been better if it had been like 40 minutes shorter and uh added more stepen root of course, but uh i appreciated it for its sort of singularity, but if anyone of you has a a good horror film they would recommend, i would certainly in the last couple days here before, I would certainly like to uh take note, I've seen most of them, of course, there are a couple of classics I've never seen that I watched this month, I got to say fantasm uh, it fantasm's reputation kind of baffles me, people really like that orb, but the orb is barely in it, the orb only kills one person, I've seen the sentinel, that's a good one, slither is great, Halloween 3. House, yes, kill list, very good. I'm always sucker for uh horrorologies, but they're rarely any good, but I still watch them, I'll keep watching that garbage. exercise 3, that's amazing, creep show is not only a great movie, a great horror movie, creep show is one of the best comic book adaptations of all time, because it's inspired by the ec tails from the crypt style uh comic books and it actually does attempt to mimic the... experience of reading one of those comics, like people always get to go crazy for uh, people who want to be revisionist anyway, want to go crazy for the angle Hulk because it does literal-minded comic book shit, like showing panels and things like that. Creep show did it first and better imo, never been a big angle fan personally. Okay, so fantasm 2's got more. orb buse i was shocked by the lack of orb action, i did appreciate that it has clearly the concepts, the concept is it's a dream, like the whole movie is a dream instead of just a series of like a few dream sequences within a like a a reality, but that kind of made me wish there had been like a more wet weird shit, it feels like it's kind of stuck in a middle gear that. that not enough award, i can definitely see you going overboard with the orbs, you got orbs running around everywhere, but one orb, come on. I do feel like we could honestly bring back fantasm now because the inherent uh the inherent sinister nature of the orb as a concept has more I think we are more aware of it now than ever before we we we know now in a way that we didn't before. that can that orbs are evil, that's a good question, the best. Stephen King adaptation. I mean, obviously the traditional answer is misery. You got an academy award winning present performance in that movie. And it is pretty good. I don't know if it's my favorite though. There are they're mostly very bad, that's the funny thing. I mean, obviously the shining. I forgot about the shining. but of course that's the Stephen King adaptation that he hated, sure shit isn't the dark tower, that was terrible, stand by me is really good, and honestly that's probably the one that I have the most personal affection for because I saw it at the right age and it kind of you know had a a lingering impact that way. Carry is also very good. I'm an island boy, island boy, I'm an island boy, okay, dune, so I saw dune, and I am not a dune fanatic, I've read the first book a couple years ago, I honestly. read it just because Will and Felix kept talking about it and I wanted to make sense of what their jabberings were, and the the the pros is really off-puttingly terrible, but the world building. was top notch and very interesting, but I never read any of the rest of it, and I've seen the lynch version, so it's like I'm aware of dune, I've got dune context, but I'm not a dune head, so I go in to watch the movie, and it's the one thing that's kind of annoying is I really wish I could have brain wiped my understanding my cultural concept of dune before I watched it, it just go in without knowing what dune. at all, because my suspicion is that it doesn't hold together as a movie, if you don't have any understand, any context, maybe that's wrong, but it there just seems so much in it that is gesturing towards things that they're allowing your context from out, your extra textual context to do the work for, It's a part of my general issue is is that it just doesn't feel like a movie and I feel like it's another piece of evidence that the film as a genre is kind of going away and how we're creating this new hybrid entertainment form, the new streaming concept that is not TV, but it's not movies either, and this feels like another another movement in that direction towards movie. that aren't really movies and it also definitely shows the anxiety of influence and how the fact that it's not the first theatrical dune really hamstrings it in some parts, because i'm sorry, i will not i refuse to believe that the choice to make the harconians, specifically barren harconan very low energy and and uh and understated is not just dictated by the fact that the baron in linches dune is over the top and theatrical, like they had to go small because that one had gone big, but that's the wrong choice, fuck that other movie, that character demand and and i would argue the fucking uh, the movie itself demand and some sort of uh splashes of color, and there are a few like really striking images in it, like the the the uh, the sardukar planet where they got a bunch of people getting bled out for ritual ceremony and there's a dude doing Mongolian throat singing and it's like goddamn, there's a few moments like that, but For the most part there's a refusal to build within a scene a narrative, and then of course there's a failure to build a a full narrative out of the story itself. so I'm still waiting for a hero, I'm holding out for a hero in the film, in the film world, someone's going to make a movie, someone's going to make an actual film that is a film, and not a collection of images that are connected to essentially a marketing strategy for a broader intellectual property portfolio, and that to me, I'm holding out for a hero, who is that hero? you know who it is, it's the king James Cameron, he will, he he is the real quar, he is the real muadib, fucking James Cameron, James motherfucking Cameron. now you're saying oh he's going to make five more avatar movies true but the first avatar is a complete story, now if he does it again, if he does it, avatar two and it's like a cliff hanger, that will be disappointing, but uh I have faith that he is enough of a story smith to not cheap out, to not undermine what he's trying to do by failing to deliver that satisfying narrative conclusion that is what makes some fucking movie of movie, we'll see. Brand new cherry flavor, I haven't even heard of that. interesting about it spooktacular? is it spectacular? that's really my only question about anything this month. Oh, it's a series, yeah, more non films. is asking about Brian Landry. I have not been following that case. The only thing I've really noted was when they said that while they were looking for his body, they accidentally found the bodies of five people who had been missing in other cases. makes me wonder why you just don't have more law and order style things where people just uncover corpses all the time. Maybe they do. nine people, god damn, is that going to make a new trend people? going out in groups to see if they can find a dead body, i mean people love the true crime, gonna have to people gna have to start making their own true crime so that they can uh keep the content going, so just run around until you find a corpse. the mortury collection i actually watched not very good but clancy brown was great, love to see Clancy Brown and things. I've heard that I've definitely encountered the theory that the serial killer wave of the 70s is like a government program, what is it called program to kill or something? there's a book about that, i mean i i haven't really looked into it, it it's a lot of the times i have a hard time going against just my natural intuitive understanding of these events, and to me the rise of serial killers in the 70s, which is not just an American social alienation, like... It was a world where technology uh physical infrastructural connectivity, mass media were obviously more well-developed than they'd ever been, but social bonds were in the process of dissolving, and of course you have the lead paint deal where all the people who were coming of age at that point had grown up ingesting uh... lead paint and leadded gasoline in the air and having their brains essentially suffocated, why are they always so close to military bases? i mean, where isn't close to military bases? how how how would you even be a serial killer not near a military base in this fucking country? Besides, I think that 70s, 70s is the is the error when I think that the CIA did sort of give up on the brain control stuff, not for any moral reasons and not because they weren't finding uh, not because there wasn't progress being made, just because it was a relatively inefficient use of research. in a coming moment of genuine mass media communication (iE: the internet) yeah, exactly, like, why do you need to control individual brains, which is labor intensive and highly volatile and unpredictable when you can create hegemonic. uh cultural concepts that are that are dispersed through a allegedly uh horizontal communication structure like the internet and then have them just uh metastize through the culture and that's easier and more importantly it doesn't need to be predictable on an individ basis, the way that tankering with an individual brain does, all you need to do is have a tendency over time for the center of gravity of a given demographic to have a relatively consistent response to an idea, that's all, and then it's done the work. Oh man, Kingo, we love Kingo, folks, don't we love him, Kingo, we love Kingo, we love all the kingos, uh, I will not be seeing the eternals in theater, uh, even though it does look like a pretty hilarious train wreck, I will see it eventually for sure, I'm rooting against it very strongly, because at if they can sell. us that, if they can create a fake, if they can pump up an IP like that, hey, you guys love druig, a favorite character drwyg, then what are we even doing here as consumers, even our consumer identity, our consumer autonomy has been transcendent, which i mean that is, that's going to happen inevitably, i would just prefer it to not have already happened. has Terik Nashid said anything about the fact that they finally have a gay marvel character and he's also black. I mean Guardians of the Galaxy was sort of the same thing, but at least it had uh, you know, that was Chris Pratt when he was coming out as a big movie star before uh, he wore out his welcome, and and it was also, well the MCU was in its flower, like at this point we've literally, I mean, We have gotten to the the this is post this is the post uh end game marvel mc what is it phase three or phase four they call it? so uh, if they can just regenerate interest in these characters who nobody even liked when they were in the comics, then yeah, we are, we are absolute uh, slot piggies and you know that's fine, what do we say to the god of content? today, so many phases, kingo and drwy it guys, I will be seeing the ghostbusters movie though, that I I'm required by law. I need to, I need to witness the muncher. I think the real, the real solution to all these questions of content is probably no more content, like there's enough stuff that's been made. that everybody, even if people still love content could go back and watch a bunch of it that they've never seen before and not run out anytime soon, so maybe that's the key, maybe we should just stop it, just get no more content at all, if only there was a content uh shortage, the supply chain of content has not yet been distributed, in fact the supply chain of content is going to want to overdrive to compensate for the lack of supplies otherwise, which is why the prospect of anatsi strike is pretty intriguing, because you might actually get a crink in the nozzle of the content hose and imagine like what are the marvel people supposed to do if you tell them no more marvel content. Oh shit is this content, oh damn it, I got, I you got me, this is content, I was thinking more of you know scripted stuff and produced projects, because I mean isn't the the trend now towards just watching each other right, like all of us watching each other, do our weird shit in our lives and have our weird individual person. and demonstrating our own personalities and and preoccupations and talents or whatever they may be, like you'd think that as that grew interest in formal, scripted and and budgeted content would go down, and I think honestly more than anything, the reason that we still... keep making content is cuuse we got to talk about something, like that's it, like we couldn't have our parasocial uh, like peer to peer entertainment like on twitch and like on tik tok and stuff, if it wasn't in a context of reacting to these remaining cultural products, capital is still necessary cuuse that's what we can focus on. to then have a common vocabulary that can make our individual ramblings or or or dance moves or whatever the fuck coherent to each other. people are talking about soccer, no, thank you, yeah, if there is spice in our ecosystem, if there's an equivalent to spice. Uh, it's not oil, it's content. Oh man, the spice channel, remember that. i was thinking about uh cinemax how it's still around and how it really doesn't have an identity now they should really just be the soft core porn channel and you might think why would anybody watch that? i honestly think once you have been able to consume all types of perversions which anybody who has an internet connection can do. at a certain point you have to uh curate your filth, or else it doesn't mean anything, so I think that like for people who got their brains totally scowered by watching all the most filthy porn in the world, there might be a uh a appeal to something that is structured. and that gives you that it gives you some story, gives you uh some narrative, uh, gives you some like performances and gives you titilation without just total sexual filth. so I think like that is a that is an instinct that I think a lot of people have, and if there was a formal space where you could engage with such content, I think people uh would like it. just where's some saxophone? that's all i want to know, that's a i mean people have pointed that out, someone says and i have said like there's no sex in movies anymore, and it's because if you want to watch sex you can just go on the internet and find it anywhere, and so you get this weird biforcation where where we're reinforcing a separation between mainstream entertainment and and uh sexuality because we have this whole mirror uh industry, this mirror content mill, which is an interesting uh... splintering of the atoms, because for a while in the 60s and 70s you had a situation where uh mainstream and erotic uh entertainment were melding, we're merging, and you had the to me still baffling, but real phenomenon in the 70's of regular middle-class Americans going to their local movie theater and sitting down next to their dentists to watch pornos, produced... the mafia, but then of course the entertain, the uh, the home entertainment industry developed uh, and it broke it, uh, it's tough to talk about because it does drain human agency so much and it does make things feel uh programmatic, but it's hard to deny the role of technology over any other consideration. in in shifting culture, shifting cultural expectations, like we can, we can look back at like, oh, people used to do this, and now they do this, and we can tell a story where these are choices people are making. collectively and individually to prefer one thing over another, but what's often happening is the technology is changing and structuring our lives in a way that makes us have to adapt and then after we've adapted tell ourselves a story about why we chose to do that, when in reality we didn't really choose anything. Oh my god, quibby, but for porn, great idea, buse, like you don't need more than 10 minutes anyway, no, the sociological and technological are not. exclusive, but it's all, nothing is mutually exclusive, there's only one thing, all dualisms are fraudent and wrong, but there are directions of energy, there's a there's basically there's an arrow, like you can sketch out most dynamics between things like technology and sociology and within the human mind and in an economy and in a political system, you can sketch out a three-dimensional model of the thing that embraces their... the holistic nature of it, but there still has to be arrows, there still have to be arrows within it pointing which where the um from which to the other the uh the sequencing starts, like where the what the unmoved mover is, which of course starts off somewhere else in a different discretely packed uh cultural and and and human structure. but yeah uh, it is, it does seem like part of that access to all types of sex is that people are just burning out of intimacy as a concept, which you see in the advanced western societies, uh, Japan of course being the flagship, but we're we're right behind, just all... of our desire to have intimate relationships with one another going away, and the thing is, I don't think we necessarily have less sexual desire, it is just that the component of sexuality that is dependent upon an encounter with another, intimacy, in other words, vulnerability, all that stuff is uh, atrophies as are uh access to the frictionless sexuality of like the the fully internal uh uh like aesthetic takes takes over. And again, this is not something that people are necessarily choosing, but it is being enforced on them a life that is less uh, filled with opportunities. for intimacy which doesn't afford human interactions, where human interactions are rarer, therefore more fraud, more potentially traumatic, the like internal calculus of like what to risk, what to, what to focus on, what to be willing to pursue changes, and it's not, and it's even as it is embraced by a person, their idea it is also being imposed on them externally in a way that they're often only marginally aware of. because talking about how you don't have to program people one to one and and and have to then anticipate like specific outcomes from individuals being programmed, you can simply create a terrain where there are easier and harder things to do, and more more people are... going to do easier things, because doing harder things requires a greater conviction to do them, and conviction is what gets drained out of human life entirely, as human autonomy gets removed, if if you cannot assert your individuality in a meaningful way, then there is no reason to risk suffering, to risk pain, risk effort that goes unrewarded. of course the real the cosmic joke of it and and the essential paradox. is that the only way that a that modern humans, the kind that we are, can actually affect our world and feel like we are in charge of something, and that and that our decisions have stakes and meaning, is if we collaborate, is if we act collectively. All right, I'm going to sign off here in a minute, but uh, still thinking about a book to read before a chat, not yet sure, thing is, I'm doing this podcast project and I kind of don't want to, I don't, I don't know if I want to do something on the chat that is part. of that buse then I feel like I might be like double doing stuff, but at the same time it makes uh it makes the research process easier, I don't know, I'm still thinking about it. Once again, anybody has any good suggestions, please let me know, maybe doing something completely off the wall might be good, you know what, how about the new uh David Graber book, that might be a good idea. RIP all right, I'll think about it, talk to you guys and gals soon, bye bye.