 you walked up to you, if I wanted to dance, on the topic again. going to the chaple and gonna get married go into the chapple and we're gonna get married we really loves you and gonna again. the chample of love, spring is here, oh skies and blue, birds are sing, if they knew today's the day, i say i do, and i'll never be lonely and anymore, because we're going to the chaple and gonna get Mary, go into the trapple and gonna get Mary, do you really love him and we're gonna get married going to the chapel of love? love, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, going to the chapel of love, all right, hi folks, i know it's a little late, but this leak has been very busy, but i did not want to let the week end without doing what i said i would do last goddamn week, what we goddamn came here to motherfucking do, which is is go through this here book, first-class passengers on a sinking shit by the rate richard lochman rip to a real one, and so i said i don't care if it's a saturday, we got to do it before the week is out or else i will have broken my v and i would never want to do such a thing. so uh, we did the first chapter for this, the intro on the first. chapter uh, and it's really a lot of throat clearing for the book in general. I've noticed this with other Lochman books I've read that he really likes to lay out what he's going to do before he starts doing it. So the first chapter is really him laying out the uh premise for the rest of the book. So we can use this chat here to go over what that? this really is uh and what it boils down to is Latchman identifies uh modern capitalist hegemons uh and specifically notes that there are in the modern early in in modern era there are a number of states that v for hegemonic power hapsburg Spain uh Louis Napole Louis The 14th France uh but then of course. the Dutch, Great Britain and the United States. Uh, and Spain, the Habsburgs and uh, the French never managed to achieve any kind of agemony, but we do get this, this unbroken really line of of capitalist hegemonies that moved geographically from Amsterdam to London to New York, Washington DC, uh, and what has happened with all of them is the internal. fixation is this concept of elite conflict that he is he talked about in other books and which he poses as sort of a, i don't know if you would necessarily say it's uh it is a challenge to the marxist notion of class conflict uh becauseman uses this concept of. economically heterogeneous like its relationship to means of production. is not fixed across an elite category, you have a bunch of different elites gathered around different economic spoils basically, and i mean i don't know if that's contra marxism or an elaboration and in a more specific refinement of it, i don't know uh, it certainly is to my mind, having studied the early modern era he's talking about uh very much uh in accordance with my view of it, my view of the moment, capitalism is unleashed on the world not through any dis design by any power or any class, but through the jockeying of different elites within a broader ruling structure, and so for Lashman, three of these states who start fighting it out in the early modern period, starting with the Spanish Habsbergs, uh, the first state to really be able to v for... hegemonic power in European context uh, they they they don't do it, they fumble the bag, they decline post, especially after this uh, the loss of Portugal and the the end of the 30 years war, uh, they they decline, their decline is pretty much terminal at that point, and and coincides with the rise of France, which also makes a play, for Germany fails to get there either, loses theirs at the in the 30 in the seven years war, seven war what ends the chance of France to have uh a hegemony over what is emerging now is like a European capitalist world system that is now interacting with all these other parts of the world uh to create colonies and to extract resources to feed uh markets in Europe. now what do we mean by higemany? because like why do we say spain and france failed but the Dutch, the British and America succeeded? it's because uh to be a hegemon is not simply to be first among equals within a competitive framework, it is to be the state that's basically writes the rule book that everyone else has to follow uh, and spain and France never pulled that off. the Dutch established really the global rule book uh and then turned over management of it to uh the British who handed it over to us, so you... you are seeing this like global system sustain itself essentially by changing hosts right, but that's not uh Latchman's focus. Latchbed is focusing on the specific polities that these things pass through, because capitalism did not end with the fall of the Dutch uh Empire, or the decline of the Dutch Empire, far from it, it expanded, but it left the Dutch in a situation of specific decline, they were no longer in the Netherlands right in the rules. They now had to uh compete with everybody else uh with rules that were being decided in London and not in Amsterdam. And then eventually, even though England was able to sustain a hegemoneny longer than uh any previous uh uh competitor attempter to grab it, they two fell and experienced, even though the country wasn't destroyed, uh, experienced a decline in influence and power and ability to write the real rule book, and now we are in the United States uh, in a situation where our hegemonic position is in decline, that's the whole premise that lachman starts with is the us is in is in decline because its state capacity can no longer be wielded by anybody, and i i agree with that, and so he starts from that premise and says okay, so if falling, if we're failing as a hegemon, why did previous hegemonies fail? and so the first chapter he kind of looks through all the reasons that hegemonies fail, that there is an undermining of a cohesive imperial colonial project, and uh, what he identifies is uh, two significant threats, one is if uh "the colonial elites that emerge to manage the periphery of the empire are able to assert independent autonomous influence over the metropole uh and when that happens you have deep destabilization. the other thing that happens is when you have uh compet uh intense elite competition within the metropol. this is a lot of this seems inspired by like john Nash's insights into a game theory and uh like competitive and cooperative frameworks like if you have. an elite who can all sort of agree that there is a broader project to carry out, they can actually do an effective job of asserting power globally and and determining uh economic and military conditions for other powers. but as soon as those uh forces start pushing against one another uh the state capacity, the thing that's the stuff is all supposed to theoretically be benefiting suffers. so with Spain uh, they were basically fucked because there was never a, there was a deep uh descension within the imperial powers. at the center of the empire and uh in northern or in the in the equatorial basis a for Spanish rule you had vastly rich existing social structures that colonial authorities could uh leverage to create independent bases of economic and military power because the the weak Hapsburg state at that point has no capacity technologically or administratively to really administer those territories, they're at the mercy really of their governors from the beginning, at least in that uh strata, as he points out, as Laskrin points out, this is all, you don't get the pick, if you were a conquistador or a Spanish administrator who ends up in the cone, the southern cone, Argentina, Chile, where there's very, there are many fewer natives who could be suborned into labor, there's a much less dense. commercial networks and uh and economies, you are essentially a glorified civil servant, you're a functionary, totally at the mercy of uh of this state that you serve. And you have that pulling against Spanish uh power, and then you have the fact that internally Spain is rife with these elite conflicts. that are broken that are essentially regional. Spain attempts to centralize authority of the uh Iberian peninsula, but by the 1640s, the pressure of funding the 30 years war and the war against the Dutch that it was connected to, causes revolts that have been in many cases uh uh organized and funded and and pushed along by France that sees both uh Catalonia and Portugal break away uh. and Spain is basically defined at both pulls by this pulling away uh now France they who come next uh there is some of that in the French colonial holdings uh although less uh independent assertion although the richest colony, Haiti, San Demon, with its incredibly wealthy uh sugar, slave plant, planter elite is definitely able to to create its own uh pole of power uh and influence, but in Spain, in France itself, uh, noble, aristocratic land owning power is just far too deeply entrenched, it takes the fucking French revolution to kind of... those roots out and that is what held it back and led it to its inevitable defeat by Britain in the seven years war and in between and then of course so those guys are trying and failing who's succeeding places where those sort of asymmetries don't don't occur now of course you might say well what about the British and the United States yeah Correct, the United States is does break away, but that's just it, instead of sticking around to undermine elite uh cooperation in the Metropol, it eliminates uh American colonial politics from British politics, it it cuts the Gordian not, and as British control of England or of North America is loosening, is the exact? moment that their grip on the Indian south continent, subcontinent is increasing, and that colonial empire is not a settler colonial project, it does not create independent elites, it creates essentially a cadre of civil servants who are moved around and who never develop uh like durable local power bases while they're you managing these these uh this this array of satropies and and sultanates that make up uh the subcontinent, so then how do the... fail though, if they if so if some succeed because they are able to hold off uh that accumulation of crisis and elite competition within the periphery and inter and in the metropol, what what what happens to bring them down? and uh, lachman's answer, and we'll see how he sketches it out in the rest of the book, is institutional, that that the states that are able to create durable institutions to manage leat conflict. uh can sustain hegemony, but creating hegemony increases the uh pressure within these uh, you can only ever call them truces between elites, there's never a full path, there's always veiled competition that breaches itself when conditions change, and the condition of asserting hegemoneny uh create increase. the uh competition within metropolitan elites over these spoils essentially of a hegem, and when that happens and there's no institutions to check it or institutions have been subverted over time to allow for conflict to overcome cooperation, when that happens, all of the effort that used to be synthesized towards the communal end of the hegem. is now privatized towards the short-term end of the specific narrow material advancement of the fragments of the elite and this is why i say this is nashion because it's like if you guys are all competing you will undermine one another so that's the first chapter like i said kind of like lays the ground work uh and then the next chapter is going to be about the specific way that military power was leveraged to sustain like uh colonial colonial projects that could compete for hegemany and the answer is of course this is a military project first and for most that begins with the military revolution that coincides with of the of the 15. that coincides with the conquest of uh of the new continents at the same time. so that they're going to talk about like how how military power creates these new conditions, that's the second chapter, and we'll read the second chapter next week, but i think also might do the third chapter too, which is examine Spain and France from the perspective of like military colonial projects that were unable to uh develop the sort of institutional complexity that could manage um growth and expansion rather than end up buckling under the strain caused by uh birth. but it'll be interesting to to read this because like at a certain level I find that that begs the question with the uh to say you know institutions it's like well okay like well what allows institutions to emerge in one context and and not another it's not people deciding hey let's get some institutions it's ne that's never the answer they emerge out of people dealing with crises and emerge out of uh contingency and then are sort of solidified by practical use over time, use not to everyone of course, but to specific regimes of elites, so next week we'll talk about how states like France and Spain were able to build. uh pretty much I mean unprecedented global machines of of uh economic activity at a level that kind of had never been seen before, obviously due to the higher level of technological complexity and all that that had been uh established over time, but we're unable to take the next step. but uh it is interesting to take Lachman's assumption uh that US is in hegemonic decline with the insight that we got from the making of global capitalism, which is that the American state structure is inextrickable from the maintenance and of global capitalism that there is no new host to take the spirit of capitalism from to to find a new headquarters uh lashman says like because of the decline america's decline we know that the era of European hagemony is over because there is no European power that could take uh headquarters or Europe as a whole, they're not, they're no more, they're less viable than us, significantly so, so then who takes the who takes the the parasite, who holds the slug in its brain? the obvious answer is China, of course, but I mean if that happens, are we seeing a continuation? or the beginning of a dramatic transformation? that i don't know, and i don't think we're going to get much in this, but maybe we'll read something about china next, maybe that makes sense to read, give me everybody who's read a good china book, that might be a good ide. logical next step after reading this, because i honestly don't know what i mean, obviously panic is dead rip, but i don't know what Samden uh thinks about the notion that America is. because that does mean in a meaningful sense then the capitalism as a governing structure is in decline and is there any evidence of that? i don't think so, it's the the capitalism's grip is only tightening by the day. but uh, who knows? I believe it was a uh, is it a Chinese proverb, may you live in interesting times? no, it's a curse, right? the curse is may you live in interesting times? and if that's the case, we sure as hell have been cursed. Yeah, I think one thing that uh, that historical analysis uh, that limits its ability to really allow you to understand this current moment, you know, it it could get you a lot of places, but there's a big gap and it's that when you analyze past structures, events, people, it's in a assumed uh, a relatively assumed uh overwhelming like homeostatic relationship between you know the natural world and human events, like you will talk about climate change and how it causes huge crises and undermines states and destroys empires, but that is with an assumption of an underlying um predictability, like these cr these things that happen are all within a certain band that is acceptable and that essentially holds up a greater stability, but the current moment I think is defined by one where that can't be assumed, and it really is when you make that assumption, it's where you clamp off to start investigating, where you decide to just assume continued stability given current conditions. That's going to give you your answer really, and none of us know where to do that, because we're all just uh, we're all just looking at the sky and waiting to feel our knee twins, you know, like a like an old guy sitting in front of a a soda fountain or something, but does on on first gloss I have to say that I very much vibe with uh Latchman's vision of uh of progressively uh narcissistic elites like not in the sense of personality wise just uh self-fixated uh kind of acting. using the the the machinery that they have access to, but acting not in towards a consensus goal with others, other elites, but towards their specific narrow survival. It's everybody pulling away, it's all man for himself, and that's why the fixations of the rich now are all about privatized spaces, they are seeding, I mean the the dumber, more delusional ones might think they're going to Mars or something, the more realistic ones might be imagining some sort of subterranean luxury experience. and honestly like the most uh optimistic, the ones wh don't think we're going to have to go to space or go underground who thinks that we can't fix this stuff to a point of like stability, their fantasies are things like fucking neam, which are just which is essentially to say an archipelago of of deterror.alized non-geographic luxury space that you could have access to if you are a participant in its economy, if you aren't, don't, good luck, so next week we'll do the next two chapters which will give us a little more to talk about than this week, but you know i i wanted to just start with one before I knew what to expect. I was on, yeah, subterranean communism, it's possible, maybe that's what it would be, it would be like uh, in in the air-conditioned uh, like archeologies of the wealthy on on the on the planet surface, you have just what we have now, but worse, you know, the same sliding scale where... "it feels like it's the same, but everything is changing around you and getting worse until one day you stop and look backward and you're horrified at how much you've allowed to uh become normal uh that will process will just be continuing uh and then like real experiments in human human sociality and and religion and uh community are going to be carried out underground. This is interesting, why was Kelvin more influential than Luther in protestantism? I mean, I agree with the premise that he was, Luther, you can't have, you cannot have the reformation without Luther, but I don't know if you can have protestantism as we understand it without Calvin, uh, because Calvin was the the voice of the of the bourgeois. mind, like Luther was just uh, this this country rustic trying to reffirm, you know, his uh, his faith and square it with the questions that he just couldn't stop popping up in his head, but you know, the life experience, the thing, the people who took that and ran with it, were people who were living much more alienated lives in urban areas where they were forced to treat each other. as strangers where they were forced to leave their Christian love in at their at inside their homes if they wanted to survive in this this new uh atomize social space and how are they to to manage that how are they to manage that relationship and it was helvin who was able to formulate a uh a intellectual catechism, taking all of the stuff that you used to have to ritualize, taking all of the stuff that so efficiently required a giant fucking uh cathedral and 50,000 fucking friers and monks running around and and parish illiterate parish priests doing mass all day and reliquaries of saints bones, all this stuff that you needed to encounter to affirm your... belief in like a a supernatural deity that would that that that uh you have a that understands you and recognizes you, that is can now all be contained. in a series of intellectual catechisms, in in in a constant, ceaseles agitation of the mind towards and around the question of salvation. now medieval subjects didn't need that for the most part, they were standing with their head behind a fucking cow all day, last thing they needed was fucking having a worry about going to hell. in addition to that, for the love of God, let a man drink his mead, uh, run around with his pants off, sin, but also recognize the church and carry out its rituals and then be saved, what a deal, that's no solos to the city dweller, it's no solous to the burger, it's no solous to the bourgeois. because they have their day spent in combat essentially with one another, even if you're an artisan, you have still have - if you're successful artisan, you've got a warehouse of of journeymen and apprentices who you are exploiting, if you're selling your wares, you have other people who are buying them, who you are in a competitive race for dollars with. You are lending and owing money at interest for fuck's sake. Of course you're going to worry about going to fucking hell, and what Kelvin gave you is a way to keep that thought, not, not to banish the fear of hell, because as we see from the fucking calvinists, when you when we see what happens with the puritans, there is no way in hell you can say that these people are calmed by... by uh their their their faith in God's grace and love, they're racked by terror at the thought of uh going to hell, and that is what psychologically pushes them through their little fucking rat maze, but it's not because protestantism makes capitalism, it's because capitalism makes people act away that tears them away from everything they knew and thought they understood about the world, and calls up a demand that is socially met. through technology and through the fucking the the market incentives created by it, it accumulates answers to the questions that allow people to live, and when protestantism emerges, kelvin's one guy, another guy, thomas munster, or how about John of Layden and that's another thing to take from from Luther's against the church, that's another. direction to take, christianity, but that is one that cannot be stabilized within a capitalist or pre-capitalist, late, feudal, whatever you want to call it, early modern world, the peasants don't have the social mobilization or self-consciousness or technology to mobilize themselves and they are crushed in turn, so if you want to live and you got to live in a city, which more and more people have to do, then my god, you're going to have to develop a personal relationship with Christ, which means thinking every day of your life, is he mad at me, and so that's why Calvin is the most important of the of the thinkers of the um reformation, because Luther spoke in: you know public uh in populist language, in vernacular language, and in so was in so far was sort of uh arrested in its development towards a totally intellectualized Christianity, because remember for Luther, there were certain things that he couldn't explain rationally, but he just felt and knew were true, like the presence of a true a true presence in the eucharist, so uh the eucaryst communion not in the Bible just like all the other sacraments that Luther condemned, but he couldn't throw that one away, he couldn't get rid of that one. now he couldn't get rid of infant baptism because if he got rid of infant baptism, frederic the wise, his patron would have cut his head off or drown him in a river if he wanted to be ironic, because infant baptism was the covenant between the person, the mere human and the... society of orders that is brought into. the antibaptists had to be hunted down and killed because they denied sovereignty. they said that you get to choose your sovereign. Uh-uh, so Luther had couldn't go anywhere on that one, he had to leave that one be, but he stuck on the Eucaryst and fought swingly in Switzerland at a time when you would think that the most important thing in the world would be solidarity, protestant solidarity against the reacting catholic church, but he couldn't do it, he couldn't go along with Swingle even though Zwingley. pointed out, all your arguments about the other sacraments also apply to uh the Eucharist. And Luther's response was, there is a sense, there is a feeling in the eucary, there is a presence, it is, it cannot be, perhaps put into words, but it is felt by me, and therefore, by all, because that was how Luther's mind worked, and so he had to defend. he had to defend true presence in the Eucharist, but those uh, those dissipated increasingly abstracted uh genevites and and uh and hugonots and dutch uh, they were moved by the stone logic and reason of the calvinist uh rejoinder. because they've never felt anything in the Eucharist, nothing but an absence if they've ever felt anything, so get rid of it, get it out of my sight so that I am not reminded by reminded daily of the hollowness of this. and also it fulfills the job of creating a fully democratized church because you need a fucking priest to administer a fucking uh eucharist, you need somebody with with some sort of hierarchical relationship, and they wanted to get rid of that, and you can say that that is, that that is admirable, you know, but what are you replacing it with? you're replacing it with just this panopticon of judgment. a constant sense of one's own sin, one's own vulnerability to being observed sinning and judged sinning, yeah, the Scots go crazy for calvinism as a way to uh resist uh the English church, now of course in Ireland it goes the exact opposite. a direction because it was the English who were protestant and trying to assert protestantism, that they all cleaved completely to their Rome appointed Catholic hierarchy. But by this time, like um, you know, they're already sending Scots to the pale of settlement and before that, so so when Scotland gets uh, when England gets, when England gets uh, anglicanism, and then tries to impose it on Scotland, it makes sense that they just decide to just run completely around the corner and say, all right, fine, sure, no more catholicism, but also no more poncy english fucking uh guys in robes telling us anything, we'll throw a fucking stool at you. now one thing i just find funny is that the uh the riot uh over the pews that's kind of kicked off the bishops war and it was really kind of the first act of the uh British English civil war sort of the uh definistration of Prague of the English civil war uh which was a riot of of these women, it was it was it was pretty much entirely. women uh at a church service in I believe Edinburgh where the uh Laodian episcopisy had put in uh church pews to replace the table that they had used to sit at and uh the ladies went ham and started throwing the the stools started throwing uh the tables around but they were all all the people who had did the rioting were actually the maids and servants of uh more prominent scottish calvinist families who wanted to protest than imposition of the laddian uh prayer book and and and the new more formal religious uh rituals and just sent their servants to do it, they're just like, hey, you know, can you go pick me up uh some bread and uh some mead perhaps and then you know just go chuck a stool at the fucking uh archbishop's head. Do I think there's a path to Scottish independence, my god, there's a chance the United Kingdom might be gone in 10 years, and I honestly think a big reason it might happen is because England wants it too, at the level of the political, the political, the English political like center of gravity, they would love to get. these fucking to get rid of northern Ireland, to get rid of Scotland, they would be like, thank you, they just want to sulk in their tent, they want to, they want to grieve their lost empire and peace, but I mean you have a real possibility of shin faine government in the Republic of Ireland, and Northern Ireland within the next four years. Now the Scottish, I don't know exactly what their leverage really is to demand another referendum since they blew their shot, but I don't, I could see maybe them doing the Catalan thing and conducting an unauthorized referendum just as a uh as a gambit basically just maybe uh begin a negotiated process. I don't know, I don't know, we'll see, maybe things get to a point where one faction of the fucking tories or something has to make a deal just to for short-term survival that like sacrifices the long-term interests of the empire, that certainly sounds about right, remember when David Cameron agreed to a fucking brexit boat just to calm down the UKIP people and prevent bleeding from the conservative party and... and it fucking one blew up his entire fucking shot, his entire game, his entire uh, the entire like unified bipartisan uh consensus of like political economy for the the great brit, and they've been literally scrambling ever since. in that context you could really see uh Scotland may be trying to leverage something, but I don't. I mean that oil is pretty pretty expensive right now right, that makes those those uh, those derrics out in the north sea look really tempting as a as a revenue source to turn you into like a like a little mini Norway, and yeah, England was the only part of the United Kingdom where Brexit secured a majority. votes, so it's like Brexit, cutting off from from the rest of Europe is just stage one in this process of of never ending grief, buse that's the problem, if you're a fucking uh, if you're a if you're one of these last remaining anglo-american empires, your citizens for the most part, they can afford to not go through the coubler. cycle of grief, they can just sit at anger and live there forever, oh Wales, too, okay, which is basically half englishman at this point, right? haven't they been colonizing Wales for the past 20 years? I would honestly like to see a breakdown of the vote in Wales between like relatively recent English emigrays and native welsh, I would be willing to bet. that brexit failed among the natively welsh, certainly among welsh speakers, i would be willing to put a bet, if anyone can uh correct me, anyone has this data one way or the other? i will read it out, let me know uh Brazil, i think i mean if there's an election, luna will luna Lula will win it, there is the question of whether bolsonaro is going to try some sort of cou, either before the election. or after the uh denying the results. I my sense though is that Bolsonaro does not have the buy in uh anymore than Trumpted among the institutional players in Brazil uh to get. that to actually go off, like Lula has already proven that he is somebody that power structure can work with, they did, they made a lot of money together. Meanwhile, Bolsonaro, even though he's a creature of the right, has been not great and has actually clashed significantly with like key power players including the fucking military, which you would imagine would be his most important base of support, so that makes me suspect that... either he is he bitches out and never actually does anything uh maybe he like tries a trump-like pseudo deal that like maybe leads to some violence uh or if he does go for it he gets he gets uh owned i don't know at this point who knows man maybe it only takes a couple of generals to just get the wind in their sales and say fuck it let's be legends and then everybody else just falls into in the line hard to tell anymore. and yeah of course like US support would be key in either case and I just don't see the US for the same reasons as the uh institutional players in Brazil. I don't see them deciding that it's worth it to support him over Lula, because again Lula worked with the United States pretty well. Why did Obama help them do lava jato? I think because see here's I think where people kind of get mistaken, you look at something like that, you look at the way the US undermined Dilma with the lava jato support and you go ah, there there was this, there was something about the the labor party government in that had to go right, the US decided we're putting a hit on dilma, and i think the more realistic understanding of that is that it is in the US's interest everywhere to promote a fake, bipartisan, fake non-political, politics of corruption and politics of anti-corruption, i should say, that plays to America's power in every country, it always work. for the United States, maybe you might have some short-term problem, like, but in the general, everything works out fine, it's worked out fine for the US, it's perfect, it is a way to go to war with any residual, socially based politics that exist in a country, because corruption, what we call corruption is how social structures are able to persist in the face of capitalist atomization. in 19th century, in in in New York, the Tamilty Hall machine provided real benefits to the poorest people in New York, or the poorest white people in New York anyway, they got christmas gooses, they got jobs, they got jobs as cops and as fire and as um garbagemen and his civil servants in exchange for votes of course. it is a and of course the guys at the top skimmed money for themselves, but it actually did deliver for people at a time when lazai fair uh gold standard British capitalism was murdering people, was pulling people into these cities and grinding them up into fucking dust, and the entire rest of the state apparatus, the US or in England was directed towards making that happen, and these corruption networks. were things you could participate in as a incredibly vulnerable proletarian and shield yourself from the worst effects of it. now that's not all corruption is, corruption is also bad and corruption also undergs capitalism, remember we're talking in dialectical terms here, like buying off the working class with corruption is a key way to maintain the legitimacy of your fake democracy, but has this uh social function and that means that any meaningfully social politics in any country that is being totally satropized and dominated by global capitalism directed from the United States basically as as a as a function of United States foreign policy its operations will be corrupt. by that by the terms set in Washington DC, where corruption, real corruption has been legalized. where the working where the ruling class buying the state is just the function of the state that we have all normalized and accepted. so we get to define corruption and then apply that definition to every country on earth and use it as a justification for firing prosecutors and denying aid money and destroying political enemies of the pro-american comprador faction in that country. these politics, so the US isn't going to make an exception for Dilma just because the labor the worker, the workers party of Brazil plays ball, if she falls, big deal, if she stays, big deal, we're maintaining our hand at the tiller, I think that is, that's probably the number one problem I see with people trying to apply you deep political lenses to things. is you assume that every outcome that is to the benefit of capital, the American empire, however you want to define it, was was specifically engineered by it, no, the whole point of having higemony is that however the ball falls, you get to fucking pick up the goddamn rebound. So yeah, knock over Lula, overthrow the working, the work, the workers party uh government in Brazil, bring in this ravening maniac, balsonero, it works, it's great, it doesn't have. now and Lula just sort of has to like kick it off, fine, one way or another, you have put the American power in there, you've made them have to contend with it, and the thing is is that it succeeded because that's how powerful the United States is, and how and how tenuous any broadly left power structure is in the current moment, they're all built out of fucking chicken wire, they can collapse of... a gust of wind, because every fucking headwind is against them, they're essentially squatting over like these extinct dynamics that had created these political and social formations, but was not sustaining them anymore, it's not sustaining them anywhere, they're they're dissolving, and that is what we see when good old fashion american um... meddling when good all fashion american concern trolling over corruption manages to knock over this incredibly powerful previously dominant political force in Brazil, holy shit, maybe all this shit is really made out of spun fucking sugar, and that's why like we have these new pink wave governments, the second pink wave in Latin America, and all of them are on. thin social basis, most of them do not even have uh anywhere near a majority in their parliaments, they're they're governing basically as isolated executives, that's incredibly unstable and they're going to get knocked over and the US will probably have some hand that you could point to to see uh to see helping lead to it, but at the same time you will see that every anywhere at any moment, think the specific proximate causes don't need to be fucking manipulated, so why bother? if you're going to catch the rebound no matter how which way it drops, you don't need to tend. Yeah, and like you look at Lula coming back, you know, he's got, once again, he's got to do this thing where they got their vice presidential nominee is just a a slug, this this reactionary tyrd holding on to one of these like little regional uh power brokerage firms that disguise themselves as political parties that Brazil has, and the reason Brazil has that is a legacy of the dictatorship. like all the years where civil social orders are built out of emerging capitalism when capitalism really starts to like industrial. and urbanize and secularize and liberalize the population, which always happens at some point and which for most of Latin America happened in the 20th century, a big portion of the time where other states are, developing these civil institutions to channel this ferment, it's decapitated, there's no fucking political process, it's completely arrested. so there can be no national political ideologies or or solidarities, identities, social beings, there can only be the localized, the particulars and local networks, excuse me, of patronage, corruption, i was talking about, a social form of power, and and yes, reactionary, because it is uh not connected to uh a class. as such, but rather composed of members of different classes, and then the worker, the workers party eventually does create like a national conception of class, and you do now have, you know, there is a broad working class support for the labor party, the working party, workers party that has of course been undermined by the spectaclization of politics recently, and the failure of the the workers party to be able to actually deliver on a lot of their promises, as uh as the money ran out basically as as as global austerity started to choke things off and so but even that like working class political identity is not sufficient to overcome these local networks that have embedded themselves and we're doing all that work while while class politics was illegal. like in a different context, those like corrupt local organizations would have eventually been nationalized the same way they were in the United States. I honestly don't think any podcast gets teal bucks, I would just like to say this because I know a lot of people say that we get funding from different sources and I know I'll tell you the only funding we get is from viewers like you, it is. all listeners supported and i know that it's like people think it's absurd that that many people pay to listen to us and they think that that's fake and i understand why cuz it's crazy i don't understand it myself but it's true again i can only know because i'm me and i have experienced it now they might be doing it secretly well i don't know it but again how can i assume that i have to assume the world is as it's presented to me to a certain extent so i i see their other podcast it's like yeah they all plausibly are getting the money realistically given their audience, everybody is getting what they probably are getting put by audience members, there's no funding source, what there is is though, there's this parties, there are these parties, like the whole thing that these people have been talking about is literally just a party circuit, and those parties are all sponsored by things like literary journals and cryptocurrencies or like uh start uh web startups and they have you know uh open bars and canopes and stuff and that's a incentive to get downtown people to come and hang out to bring cool people in contact with people who they essentially have to hang out with if they want to get the free drinks and maybe the cocaine in the bathroom. there is essentially the way that like a rich family on the block with a nerd child would like get a pool or something like Martin Prince you know get people to come over like you have to hang out with moldbug if you want to have this free wine, it's just a it's just an extended Peter teal punded uh effort to get his friend Curtis some friends, that's it, now I know that they all think that that's part of some sort of broader uh uh cyop on the American public, like this is how we're going to create uh we're going to have we're going to complete the cycle of german idealism and and and eminitize Trump is by by getting key influencers on board, i know that's what they think they're doing, at the end of the day it's they're bored and they want to have a good time and they want to have a good time with people who lot it around, can do bants, and that's not true blueber conservatives, it's not queing on people, those people are, i hate to say it, hicks, they're not. dumber than anybody, they're not worse as people, although they are often bad people, but they just do not have the ability to express themselves with the liquid crispness that these kind of people. like Peter want to be around, because they imagine themselves as old world aristocrats surrounded by sharp-witted cortiors and they're trying to create that social reality, they're bringing together cortiers, the way that Louis The 14th builds Versailles, and all the fucking nobles have to come suck up to him, you in a place where everybody's paying way too much rent and they're paying like $12 for a beer at every fucking uh, bar in lower Manhattan, a place that's going to have an open bar every like every weekend is a place to hang out, and so like when their political project, their political project will never be done, like I will say that here, the the the fascist political project is not going to happen, um, we're already seeing how it can fail. like look at blake masters and you might say oh this is just you know as conditions get worse uh they're only going to get more uh more powerful is conditions get worse the center of gravity of politics collapses and we don't have a center to conquer we don't have a space for all this effort to be unleashed uh all that energy to be unleashed on so it can't succeed as a political project what it can do is curate a guest list for the apocalypse, and so that's what that whole scene is, it's people cureating a guest list for the apocalypse, and that's fine, I don't judge it, partly because I don't think it's some like a horrifying threat, because I don't think that we're, I don't think that our conditions are being led by our political choices or our political subjectivity, we're being pulled along by currents that are far deeper than that. I mean if we're going to be turned into jerky by by the algorithm, it is going to be under the flag of some sort of liberalized nation state, until it becomes a regime of totally private brained experience, and at that point everyone within it is making a choice. to live under those conditions, or they're being totally dehumanized out of their opinion mattering to anybody. have i ever met anyone with a larger head than mine? Will's head is pretty big. Will's head might be a little bigger than mine. We have about the same hat size though, which is like 5 and 11/8s or something. I don't even know how the hat sizes work, but.... we both couldn't find hats that fit us at the westernware store in Houston we went to, so fretting about like some tedious people writing articles and uh and hanging out and even running for senate in the case of a dope like Blake Masters uh It's annoying, it it can cause proximate harm to specific people, but it is not a main current of anything, it is not, it doesn't need to be in imbued with a moral dimension really, it can be something that you just decide to like pay attention to because it's funny to you or not pay attention to because it's boring, you're not really required to care about it in my opinion, was I on mushrooms on? son's podcast? no, did i seem like i was? oh dear, yes, somebody says, is this the book club? we stopped talking about the book a long time ago, but we did get through the first chapter, intro and first chapter of this book, now next week we'll do the next two, so two chapters next week, second and third chapter, first class, on a sinking ship, all right, good talking to you guys, love you.