 That's how you should enjoy it. This is for fud reackers. well us will survive. this golden age, well are just old ideas rehashed, wearable, all the classics gone i used to say there will never be a classic again or repeats itself, i've heard itself, there will be a skeptic, oh yeah, cuz there is nothing new, heard said there will never be a classic again, art joy self, but it pays to be a skeptic, oh yeah, cuz there is nothing new. where do we go from here? where do we go from here? where do we go from here? i've waited all my life to find a new age christ. and it does not impress me, what we need right now is a culture or revolution, i've heard it said there will never be a classic again, art repeats itself, i cannot tell, but it pays to be. be a skeptic, oh yeah, cuz there is nothing new, there will never be a traffic again, ar destroys itself, and as itself, but it pays to be expect, oh yeah, buse there is nothing new, there is nothing new, no more fudruckers, no more fudruckers folks, i've actually been to Fud Ruckers once, I'll I'll admit it, and really my pain now is that I never got a chance to experience it again, what if you could pick your own toppings on your burger, that's what it boiled down to, if anyone has never been, because it's not really a huge chain nationally, it's not um, it's just funny named, and it was famously parodied in uh, idiocracy where over the years it turned into butt fuckers, but as a as a brand as a kind. which is true of basically any pet burger restaurant, the only difference is is that they're in front of you and you get to feel like you're contributing, it's the perfect little fake little doohicky, a little uh like a hamster wheel for you to get out any a sense of like personal uh autonomy in your life, like we've already constrained human freedom to mean the freedom to buy, and they even but that gets limiting, so you have to give people a little... micro choices within their choices to browden their sense of autonomy, which is of course entirely illusory, because what difference does it make from saying give me a burger with lettuce, uh, tomatoes, onions, mayonnais, and some of the jalapino sauce versus going and putting them on yourself, it's a sense of action, it's a sense of participation, you're incarnating your will in action, but it's the same thing it's just telling them what to put on it, it's just a little hamster wheel of of of agency, and it's called fudrucker. oh god it rules, and it leaving really is, I had to say, you can kind of feel like the lights are getting timed one by one. I mean, I, I, I don't want to get to apocalyptic because I genuinely don't think we're headed towards a terminal crisis anytime soon. I mean, obviously anything can happen that could change that, black swan events and whatnot, I mean we're in the middle of one and who knows what else could come on top of it, and climate is clearly going buckwild right now in a way that could be very unpredictable. and lead to like almost overnight instantaneous changes in like distribution of water resources and arable land that are totally unpredictable, but I don't think there's anything to say, oh, we're in the end days, other than the desire for this to be the end days, which we all secretly have. I mean, there's a reason we're obsessed with the apocalypse and have been since the 90s, it's because we foreclosed any chance of a future, as soon as the 70's ended and that tight and that fucking uh, the wind pipe of the working class got closed, there was no more future to imagine. and so we imagine the end, we imagine apocalypse instead, because uh, just anything to not be this, anything to reveal all of the fraudulence, because apocalypse just means to unveil, some confirmation of the of that the the sickness in your soul is not your fault, so of course we all want apocalyps in somewhere now, and we get and now cuuse everything is so dire, we get to dress that in righteousness, and and political uh um and most importantly for people who get a lot of online just uh satisfaction from building a political identity uh sense of being politically intelligent and politically uh canny like oh you guys think that this can turn around you fools you mount banks you think we can go back to the 50s and I know I said that yesterday but what I mean by that is is only that we can't return to a distribution of profit like we had in the 50s we will have to overcome capitalism to return to a like a a horizon of a future for people, but that's a process and it starts politically, and in the meantime you can wrench things away, it's just it's going to be it's going to have to be more uh militant, it can't be, it can't be, we can't assume that we can get back to a transactional relationship with politics that's going to effectively bring about change, we're going to have to move through that level though, that's why i have no time for people who say we need the we need to like marshall revolutionary forces right now. "we need to like go to the hills or arm people, there's not enough, there's not enough people who even understand what's going on, have any kind of political contact context for their alienation and their and their and their panic of the moment, and there's no no reason to believe that if a crisis got deeper, you would be able to channel anything, because you don't even speak the same language they do, you have incorporate, you have created an entire identity around a political self-conception that has a a private or" least a semi-private linguistic um value system that is not translatable, we have to move through these dead structures and it's horrible to have to do that, we're frashing around inside a fucking rotting tonton, but we have to do it because it's what we have, it's the only way to keep us warm through this dark night of total like desocialization, depersonalization, depolitization. what we're in for is more the same, but slightly worse, as awful as that is to think of, we're probably, probably in for more of the same, but worse, and that means we have to deal with the structures we have, and we have to work to resurrect a basic belief that we have any kind of control of our destiny. and Bernie I think was the genuine start of that. At this point though, we have to move beyond Bernie, I mean that's pretty clear, his his relevance is fading quickly, that doesn't mean we grab new heroes. that's not does mean we try to turn aoc into burny now it means rebuilding the sense that people can act politically and most people like it's one thing to get once you're a the big issue here is that a lot of people seem to think that if they can get people to understand that there's a political dimension to their pain in life and that that that pain can be alleviated through collective action that they you can convince them, once you've convinced them of that to skip right past any political uh uh electoral engagement in conventional politics to like fully radicalized militancy and you can do that for some people, I mean that's how a lot of the people who feel that they are that political persuasion became politically radicalized, they just had a phase transition from a... but the thing is that is that is a i would argue a rarer occurrence than the more likely thing which is people have to be brought through stages personally of political consciousness they have to first engage with politics and then be disillusioned with politics to move forward to the next level because the militancy people are imagining involves significant physical, personal risk, and people only do that if they feel like it will have efficacy, as we've talked about, like they have to feel like their their fighting might be necessary, they and the thing is most people aren't going to be heroes, they're going to want to find the path of lease resistance, and for most people that means psychologically, forgetting about arguments because arguments don't really convince people of things, psychologically most people will say, what can I do with this new understanding of politics? will be productive without risking my life, and the answer will be elections. of course she'll say, no, no, elections are no good, don't you see, and then you'll explain to them why, but guess what, they haven't felt it, they have not actually experienced this illusion with politics, so they're not going to take your fucking word for it, some of them might, but again, i am talking the the the weight of like the prevailing psychology of the average person is going to move towards personal safety, they're going to reason. around that, and so that means if there's an alternative, if there's a political dimension, a political act axis of action, there is an alternative to direct confrontation with the state that could lead with their imprisonment or death, most people, not all, are going to take it, that doesn't mean that they're going to stay there, and it doesn't mean that they can stay there, does mean they have to be brought through the process and one of the and people who don't need that part are. going to play their role in pulling them along, but they should not be trying to abolish this thing or like make some sort of pointless propaganda argument in favor of like mass radicalization that ignores the fact that people have to move through psychological steps of awareness. for the most part very few people can just flash fry themselves out of one mindset into another, because reality intercedes, the passions that made the moment dissipate and their sense of vulnerability is. person is brought back into focus over time and then and that is only anticified by their moving through a world of pain and fear and desire and their attachment to it, somebody is agreeing with me that lovecraft country is terrible, man that's a bad show. wow, if that's the standard now of a prestige show, and i don't know if that's the consensus, i don't read any. that stuff anymore, so I don't know what critics are saying about, I used to, I used to read all that shit, av club stuff when I was trying to convince myself that prestige TV was the highest form of art because I didn't want to read a book, um, but do people think it's like a good show, like a really good show, buse it's terrible, uh, it's one of the worst ones I've seen that has any kind of uh like reputation and and certainly on HBO which is supposed to be still a cut above the fillet. of the tv genre as Jeff Daniels would say in uh Squid the Wale. It's dog shit. It's very bad. I mean, the fact that everything is CGI including all the creatures is very bad obviously, and it knocks it down a whole letter grade. No episode could be better than a b from that point, but man, it's like, it is the worst case, it's the worst. I would say that lovecraft country is the worst worst possible scenario of the politicization of of culture that we have. had the last like four or five years specifically under Obama, but really intensified under Trump, whereby the only axis of value that a piece of art has is political content, because I think... the argument a lot of people would make is things are so bad now and the need for people to both have their pain felt and to try to wake people up to the horrors around them means that the only real piece of value art can have, especially popular art is speaking to the moment and i must say my only rejoinder to that is watchman but even more lovec and i thought watchman was bad lovecraft cont even worse and even more an example of a program that only exists to be political to say something to make everybody uh good people, to get all those white privilege folks watching tv to turn into non-ones and all the way people who are already feeling good about themselves to feel even better about themselves, and my argument, I point to that show. I tell someone, do you really think that this show is going to save a save a single person from a hate crime or bring down the level of police violence against minorities in this country or do a single solitary thing for anyone except for the specific black people involved in making the show to make their lives better? do you really think that? do you really think a culture of tv that uninspiring and flat and alienating from an aesthetic perspective is going to do anything other than appeal to people who already want to feel good about themselves who are going to like the show and watch the show to reaffirm values they already hold, and everyone else is going to fucking ignore it, because the only people who like that show, i would argue are people were getting a frision out of it from like, look at me, i'm watching the black revisionist sci-fi show, look at me, i'm i'm reckoning with the the sins of of of whiteness and the and the and the raasure of black, the black experience, and i'm correcting it right here and now, there's no other value to that show, the performances are dog shit, the effects are hilarious. bad, it's has no atmosphere to speak of, incredibly flat, and of course its political content is dog food, served up to just a bunch of hungry slavering labradors. I knew that in the first episode when they scored, they scored, I told about this already after I saw it, I still blew my mind they actually put this in the show, they scored a montage of racist incidents befalling a family traveling through the south in the 50s or 40s or whatever. with, I mean, my god, if it had been like a like a change is going to come by Sam Cook, that would have been heavy-handed enough, no, no, no, no, we have entered an era where political uh content has to be so heavily loaded that that the abstraction of music is too far, it's too anxiety, like oh no, they're not going to get the point, they scored it with a James Baldwin speech, just him talking about racism, while while watching it, what like the whole. point of fucking film, which tv is a bastard child of, is the interplay of like light and shadow and sound after the 20s and fucking images and that are supposed to like go off of one another and produce like individual associations, that's like an artistic response, this is just layering shit on shit to try to stuff it down your fucking throat. so I say if this is art under that rubric, it's it's it's a failed as on its own because it will not work on people because it's not good art and I don't even mean I mean if you're if you're the type of person that needs to be reached by this, what's fun to watch about that show? what's fun? It's not fun, you're not even gonna argue, you can't even argue that you're going to bring in people otherwise wouldn't want like have their mind expanded by by that kind of racial content uh, because they're not going to watch in the first. place, so it's not, it isn't even have, even though it uses genre, even though it uses genre, which is what's supposed to be like the the thing that gets people in the door, because it's plot focused and and it can exploit uh like horror elements and and violence in order to keep people watching, even with all that, even with that hook it's still dreadfully boring and uninteresting. and I see people praising this program and I think, this is dark, man, you guys are just going to suck your own dicks in this cocoon of righteousness, producing art to make you all feel better about being white or being privileged, or if you're not white and privileged in making it, getting to participate and tell your story finally and stand in for the exploitation of millions on uh like you, and everyone else is going to be doing their own and it's going to be just falling down the mountain side. so i have no compident, no no patience for any any culture first politics of any kind, caring about any of this stuff, representation in anyway uh, what's good or bad art, it's dog shit because because yes, yes, the superstructure reinforces the base by giving us our ideas, like imaginative framework that we carry out capitalism with, which is crucial and changes the way we relate to one another, but it cannot be clipped at that source, it cannot be clipped at that source, look what happens, look what all that effort brings you to, something that's just re, recuperated by the structure, which is funny because you'd think these fucking pomo people would know that, that's like a key like french postmodernist uh take, like i think it's d Yeah, I can't even remember one of those frogs, recuperation, all this, all this, all this, anything that gets brought up in like in the culture and gets turned into like a cultural meme is then commodified, even if it's brought, if it's uh, if it's motive, original motive was genuine uh, hostility to the capitalism. and like you know the the reason they used to call them exploitation movies is that rather than being art, rather than coming from a place of expression of of creative endeavor, they were assembly mills where they would just take us, they would exploit a certain stock uh character or uh subculture that would guarantee an audience or or a indulgence to the audience like violence, people love violence, sex, people love watching sex. hey, what black people don't have movies for themselves, what about if we see sex and violence with black people? you know there was red neck splictation in the same era because there were a lot of drive-ins in the rural south was all over the place and there wasn't like national distribution of films back that there would be like uh uh distributors would go like on road shows with like a bunch of fucking uh films and and then show them like at one theater then move around the country that's how dolamite started being distributed um and so they would go to the south and they would plow these movies with like hillbilly shooting each other in the butt with buck shot and like there's a hilarious uh spot on their on the back of their union suits and everybody had like a jug, but those were the that's that was a thing that you could exploit in le of the art and this stuff this lovecraft country stuff like this, it's like it's political exploitation, it's like woke exploitation, it's o the wokeness stands in for the art, people talk about it and people watch it because they get to participate in a ritual that reaffirms their political virtues and and and those of their friends, and that and then there's and that whole and that fills the whole of the like actual art that isn't there. did i coin that because i want to i i said that and i wonder if i heard anybody else say that i might have invented that i'm not sure i don't want to i don't want to say right now i invented it but i i might bause i might have heard it from someone else but i think i invented that shit but it's true just think of how much art uh how many things have you seen how many movies and tvs have you seen and i think this is one of the things that this is a perfect example by the way of how and there was actually a sunny, it's always sunny episode in the last season that dealt with this perfectly, there's this uh, there's a there's one of the things that powers the really, really stupid cultural arguments we see is that I think the real motive for a lot of like the white male rage at like woke entertainment and video games, yes a lot of it is based on genuine racial anxiety about and and gender anxiety, I'm not going to disagree, especially amongst the most fervent people, but would say that on the margins, which is where most people are, because few people are really committed to this insanity, like this insane fight over culture, they they they wear their their cultural indulgences lighter, they mean less to them, they're more distracting, but i but they still care enough, they wanted to be good, i think a lot of like these white young dudes, they see this stuff that's shit that is you know inclusive and then they get and then they decide that it's the uh fact that it's inclusive that's why it's bad that's not. why it's bad, it's bad because everything is shit now, it's bad because capital has totally dissolved the artistic input on almost all art forms including our precious prestige television, and what is filling the gap is this easy, lazy wokeness to give it cultural cachet and to give it like and to give it most of all a way for critics to say it's good, hollow it's yeah, fine, whatever, like i said, a hole that's filled with wokeness. uh and like how look at the way people talk about shows, specifically critics, do they talk about like art? i guess somebody said about w exploitation in in gamergate, well... that was the that was the uh, that was the kernel of truth, and the thing is there's always a kernel of truth to every argument, or else people wouldn't make it, that's something people have a hard time with, because they say, no, no, no, everyone, there's correct arguments and wrong arguments and people hold wrong views either because they're stupid or because they're lying, and people on, on the internet mostly assume that you're one or the other, in reality, they are kernels of truth to both sides of any stupid uh uh simplified uh argument on the internet, but you but both sides have to deny the other that that privilege of anything being true because it undermines the totalizing nature of that argument. In reality, the shit that like a lot of these guys complain about is bad. I'm sorry, a lot of that shit is shit, and lovecraft country is a perfect example, but it's not because it's woke that it's bad. something else would be filling that hole and it would be just as bad, I mean they might like it a little more because it was like more indulgent to their to their interests, but it would still be bad, they just wouldn't notice the badness as much because they would have other elements in it that like satisfied them, instead other people would find it worse and be alienated by it, so like everybody's looking at this impoverished cultural landscape and they're seeing a mirror of their own desires in it. so like the white male reactionary see shit art that doesn't caught into his sexual desires, doesn't count into his hierarchies of race and expectations and stereotypes and identifies that as the problem with it, but that art to somebody on the other side is seen as a recognition of that person, so they don't notice the shit as much as the other one does, so when they're arguing, they're not arguing about the correct premise because they're arguing about whether like this representation is what's bad, when that's not the reason it sucks, just like if there's something that is more indulgent to uh, to like white male tastes and hierarchies and racism and all that stuff, it it's badness is easier to be perceived by people who are alienated by that, and so the white male guy says, no, this is the good stuff, and the thing that's good about it is the hierarchies and the white maleness and all that shit, but in both cases it's still shit and it sucks. Yeah, no, like all that other stuff, it's like I said, exploitation movies are exploiting the stuff that the lizard-brain audience that at that point was mostly young men, that's wh went to the movies back then, that's wh went to the movies in the 70s, was young dudes, what do they want to see, they want to see blood and guts and boobs. and they want to see uh like obviously the if they're white they want to see the racial hierarchies that make them comfortable reaffirmed and so that's what they gave them, but there was black exploitation for hey, what a young black guys want to see, and they got that, now it's flipped, the audience is who's getting pandered to has changed, but it's still pandering, and the stuff itself is not is still as devoid, as hollow as it was back then. Ah, yes, cultural marxism, that is such a stupid concept, you might as well just draw giant question mark in the air and say, I don't know, but it's like, it's like uh, it's like, it's like political economy, dark matter, you're just, there's this, this thing here. they're all in charge, why? because they have a plan. why? what is the plan? oh, it's to make us less viral so that it's all fucking conspiracy theory, it's conspiracy theory, it is because otherwise there's no way to make sense of it. the way to make sense of it is to say that over time, culture becomes more accepting so that the uh pool of people who are in some way still like, mored to some sort of political project, right? like, it's easy to have um, like you have a a polity that has to submit in some degree to being ruled, through a combination of coersion and adherence to a belief that they're part of the the world, like part of the state, part of like a a political, a political entity, and that they are like a stakeholder in it, so it's a combination. of both for everybody, and the closer you are to power and and comfort, the the less coersion is involved, but it's a mixture for everybody, and there becomes a time when in order to maintain, like if demographics change, for example, you have to become more culturally accepting to keep more people bought in that their part of this thing called the United States, otherwise it becomes unstable, it becomes ungo uh and you have to do that especially as the uh the material benefit from being an American in the in the middle goes away, right? as as the as the as the wages of being in you, the American uh working middle class, working class middle class go away, and people get more alienated from... a sense of political participation at the center of what used to be the economy, you have to increase uh devotion outside of it, in order to stabilize it, in order to stabilize the system, but what's driving that is the slow stripping away of of all people's economic uh, just like economic lives, as as as the as as surplus falls and is the ability. to distribute anything to labor of any race dissipates, it's purely a coping mechanism, it's a way to blame something without going to the to the fundamental cause of all of this misery. and once again you know there's no way to win any of these fights and it's yeah like that's what's so frustrating talking about this stuff and i'm very sorry because it is so abstract and it's so got it's so hard to grab onto because at the end of the day it's just a it's just a it's a hobby for people to talk about you know yes it's it's part of our cultural firmament but it's being reproduced a level that is untouchable by of us, all we get to do is argue about it and get pulled away from ourselves and each other by the by holding by by the anger and by the by the passion we put behind these these pantamine battles. so yeah, uh, yeah, I won't talk about that anymore, it's very frustrating because well because it's it's the most these conversations are the single most perfectly compacted balls of inextrickable false reading and and and bad faith and and uh and libidnal like reinscription like this is these are the opinions that where you seek out ones you disagree with to get off like stuff about culture man like that's where people politics sure but politics down. from culture, like at this level, this this is where Brightbart was right, like the culture of politics, yeah, it's it's it's all generated at the symbolic level of entertainment, and then it flows down to politics, which is just a more concentrated form of entertainment that a few appeals to fewer and fewer people over time, as it like suffuses. and yeah uh, as wapper said in wargame, the only way to win is not to play, so there's no way, it's like I'm not going to go and argue about why Lovecraft is bad on the internet, I'm gonna not going to write an article, I'm not going to contribute to the takes smith, I feel like I got this out of my system, like once again, a lot of this is me talking my way through like why what I think of this stuff so I can't see if it makes sense, um, but yeah, it is not, it's not to be engaged with, because it's getting everybody, everybody is getting off on it, it's a bunch of perverts, i think squibs. I won't, I won't talk about squibs now, but I like the squib discourse because that's that's a little removed, you know from like pure the purely cultural elements of uh of art, like the culture war elements. there's it's actually got a kind of a material grounding theoretically, everything else is just it immediately flies off like when you're trying to scatter donny's ashes, i didn't really watch the venture brothers that much, i appreciated what it was going for, but uh, i don't, at a certain point. I guess I just kind of got the point. RIP though, I know Chris is Chris and Amber and I think Virgil are all big fans. I used to be into wrestling when I was a little kid, I liked uh wwwf superstars and then I got into it in college again buse, rock, but then I stopped, it's been a long time. I have not seen the koffman movie yet what's it called sinach connectity New York Cinich doch New York that one's a tough watch man that was brutal I saw that in the theater. uh, it's going to be, it's going to be hard to get me to sit down and watch that one after that one, but I probably will at some point, of course I've seen the righteous gemstones, we did an episode about the righteous gemstones, it ruled, that's how the good lord work, I love adaptation, that's still my favorite Charlie Koffin movie, written anyway. all right, people keep telling me that uh, ask me to have a tenent review, i i don't i'm not going to the theater anytime soon, that's for sure, certainly not to see some fucking dishwater gray christopher nolen movie, talk about, i mean just degression by the way, I really don't take any of your mones about like the decline of culture because of the SJ SJWification of entertainment and like the dethroning of the white mail autour, if you're sweating Christopher Nolan, because Christopher Vernolen is a perfect bubblehead and the things that people see in his movies are purely just like uh clockwork plot mechanics. that they are elevating because that's where the heart should be, and they're filling it in with that. i mean, my god, the guy can't even really shoot action movies that well, that's action scenes that well, that's kind of crazy if you think about it, like his movies almost all of them have been action films and he has, what's what's a great action sequence in a Christopher Nolan movie? i guess what the uh the Joseph gordon levit a floating hallway thing i i barely remember that like if you're looking at nolen and going like this is what we could have more of if it wasn't for all the uh all the women and minorities uh making woke movies now uh then sorry no thank you your your world would suck just as much. and like most of his movies are action films and he has he has no memorable in my opinion action sequences, nothing that has stuck with me, i remember being really impressed by inception when i saw it, if you look at my letter box review, it's very high, but that's one of those things where i was, i was i was caught, like when i'm talking on here uh, a lot of the times i get angry and people think i'm yelling at the chat, i'm really not, i'm yelling. me, because I am talking always about myself, and if people find it meaningful, it's because my experience resonates in some deep way with theirs and that's it. and I was in a state of mind where I thought that plot complexity and like this kind of stuff was serious art, it was like bridging the gap between mainstream, mass culture and high culture. No, it wasn't, I just was a lazy fuck who wanted to see movies where the slow car was going, and you're like, oh, but that was his dream, and then that was his dream, and then that his dream was his dream, and you get to marvel at this absolutely hollow uh, mechanism. The battle of... you mean when the cops who had guns charged head long and a bunch of guys who also had guns to have a fist fight and of course you can forgive that if it if it feels good in the moment enough, but that's all I was looking at, it was steril. There's always there's always a risk when you talk like this to people are going to go oh yeah old man you're just spitter buse they don't like make them like they used to huh grandpa and the thing is yeah that's always an element of all complaints about people. about the new modes of art that they weren't like initiated to at the right age, but there also is a steady decline in quality of average art as capitalism infiltrates and annihilates the artistic impulse that makes art. it's just a question of like what percentage is your critique, one or the other, and that's up for the other person to decide. I mean I think I made a pretty strong case visas of my arguments about squibs and CGI that we use that in at least the the main like taking one genre action films examinating a concrete way that over time these movies have been made worse in a way that you can complain is just not be. used to digital effects, or you can see the flip side of that and see as a genuine difference, that's for you to decide, and then you ask yourself that, and then you can answer yourself, how does, how is it likely that that effect reverberates throughout all of our mainstream art art forms? i would love to go on, i would love people say go on red letter media, i don't get that choice, i don't get to do that, i sure i'm not. inviting myself on someone else's show, i'm not uh, no, but if they had asked me, i would of course go, no question, i would really want to hope to go wait till after quarantine though, because i would really love to go to the studio and uh do a best of the worst around the table than do rather than do fucking zoom or some bullshit, but i i mean i don't i mean they seem like they've got a pretty good uh you know degree of investment in this shit like this online culture. like there if you if you if you topped out at movies you're less tightly wound than if you topped out at politics i think and uh they and then you can get really tightly wound in on movies like say movie bob or devin Ferracci or you can be nicely adjusted around movies online and they did that so they're much chiller they're way too chill probably to ever listen to us anxious politics dorks banging on about bullshit so they probably have no idea who I am. so but no one tell them to gave us on please, please don't do that, i just please don't do that, do not do not tell them to get us me on, do not do it, i will be very mad at anyone who does because i'm telling you not to, I'm not winking motherfuckers, I will, I will excommunicate your asses. Yeah, exactly, they just went a thing with went through a whole thing with William Shatner because of some oger ever eager oaths, please, please be cool, please be cool. I would love to get Felix on Rogan. I think that that's fine because I think Rogan might respond to that kind of thing. I have no idea how he how he works, but somebody somebody should tell Rogan to have Felix on because I really think they could vibe. No, I don't Felix, I don't think Felix would troll Rogan, I think Felix would go in, Earnest, uh, fully confident that he had like a base of see that's the thing, I you people get anxious about going on places that are like not ideologically uh friendly because they worry about getting rattled. because they were they think they would be uh insecure, they would be nervous, maybe not even because they didn't think they could like deliver on because they really didn't believe their beliefs, they might be totally secure in their beliefs, but they might be worried that just the thought of all those people listening and watching could get on them and and and give them the yips. the only way you could go on a show that big would be if you had full confidence that you would have like a base of a report with with the host and prevent just getting off into into oblivion and 100% would go in there totally uh confident and I think would make for a great conversation, they could just vibe on, I think they could vibe on unkles for a solid hour, i i don't i like i think the the danger of like if i if i went on rogan, i don't think i ever would. but I mean I would if they asked me, my god, but I don't think it's likely, uh, I would be worried, and it would not be about confidence of ideas and not even about being able to like connect with Joe, because I think I know enough about Joe shit that I think I know where I could like get get a baseline with him and work from, I think I would just get nervous about that many fucking people, like that show is insanely popular. So I would, I would probably want to, I would, I would absolutely have to get high beforehand, I mean, I, I, ooh, no question, I would have to definitely chom up, but if I toumed up, I think I could, I could do do okay with with Joe. I know that we have a pretty decent audience, but uh, you know, it's by this point, it's self-selected, it's people kind of already like us and in that in that in that vein, we're able to find purchase, it would be kind of, it would be a little uh, it would be anxiety producing to imagine stepping out of that bubble and having to confront a broader group of people who aren't necessarily on your wavelength and have to like you have to translate it a different frequency. I would definitely go on uh Mayor Pete's podcast. I would go uh in mayor Peats go on Mayr Peat's contact podcast uh right before right after that taking like a huge amount of laxative and then just shit my pants right there. Oh Gwen Schneider's podcast, I would do that one for sure, I mean she would invite me, obviously, that's a zero, 0% chance of happening, but I think that could be a fascinating conversation, uh, Biden hiring and need. done is uh hilarious, I mean the entire Biden campaign is just a ritualized abnegation and uh and and befowling of every sacrament, everything that democrats, everything that liberals held holy, every idea of inclusion and representation and uh and uh feminism profaned in the name of keeping the fucking upper upper tax bracket from increasing. Truly monstrous. Oh, I would love to go on Gorka show too. Oh, I would love to talk to Gorka. I would get like uh, I would go, I'd get really like nitty gritty like napoleonic war shit with him. So, would you contend that napoleon air? You know, that kind of thing. All right, today I got to cut it a little short, but thanks for the convo, I know I got a little cranky there, I'll try not to do that again, don't want to alienate everybody, but much love to everyone listening and watching, I hope it's less fuzzy today than it was. Bye-bye.