 sind bereit, wir kampfen und siegen für dich, freight. fight, hi, Thursday today, because I won't be able to do it tomorrow, so I figured I had some time, I'll sneak one in, honestly, mostly because I'm just addicted to opening these desert storm trading cards, it really is the gift that keeps on giving, just uh, flashback to the birth of the of the world. that we're all gonna live it as long as we're around, well that's not true, certainly, not as long as we're around, because we never go anywhere, matter after all can neither be created nor destroyed, we're all eternal in that respect, because you know there's no outside of the of the the the universe. and we spin around in that ether and get brought together in forms that regard ourselves and each other and and that experience then becomes this collective suspended eternal moment that we just branch off of before returning to uh, but certainly this version of ourselves, the the ones that we have erroneously identified as you know our identity, the one that we say, this is me, even though now, it's a very, it's a very, very transient temporary uh, performance of an eternal self, uh, but anyway, 1991, the year that uh, the year skynet became self-aware, so let's just start right away, uh, we got the as this is military asset. warbird the A7 Corsaire, the a7 corser, looks pretty cool, once again not a great shot, uh, just the underside of the of the airplane, no real perspective, the uh, as I said before, the art in these is pretty bad, uh, the A7 Corbird, first flown in 1965, the A7 is being phased. out after long service in both the US air force and the US Navy. The modern version can carry more than 15,000 pounds of armament and has a reputation for delivering the weapons, its weapons on target. For operation Desert Storm, 20 a7s were deployed in the Persian Gulf. So this guy, they probably don't have these anymore if they were facing it out in 91 to replace with something that cost 10 times as much and was a third to a fourth as effective. That's how... uh progress has gone, what progress has gone in military technology since the golf war, they've just dumped more and more money into it, and without it having to actually be effective, because you know we're not at war, we're not in a cold war with the soviets anymore, we're just playing in a big sandbox, at least that was what they were thinking, uh, we can just uh dick around, and that's what they did, they dicked the fuck around, and now we have planes that cannot fly in the rain because the... paint will melt off uh planes that will uh decapitate pilots uh and new generations that are of of uh of military equipment that are supposed to superceed something that there is no competitor for. like one of the big thing uh services that Michael Bay has done to the US military is... to feature uh things like the f22 in movies like transformers uh to show people hey this is the cool material we have and this is what your tax dollars are going for without you now highlighting the fact that this is literally the only time that could ever happen is if there were alien robots showing up and do you think that that's likely? anyway, i'm sure that we have replaced the a7 corser with something much shittier. they're getting rid of the A10 warthog which is like the the uh warhorse of close air support aircraft with its big fucking central gattling gun, uh they're getting rid of it cuuse there's uh money to be made. now we've got another military asset, a fighting ship, the USS Ranger, the USS Ranger, look at that guy, USS Ranger, uh, commissioned in 1957, the USS Ranger was the first ship designed exclusively as an aircraft carrier, of the Forest Stall class, she is larger than her sister carrier in the Persian Gulf midway by more than 10,000. the ranger ordered to the Persian Gulf in November 1990 carries an assortment of 85 aircraft, homeport, of course, San Diego California, an armed military encampment that calls itself a city. Oh yeah, the ospray has killed more American service members than like every almost all of our uh declared enemies since Vietnam, you know, until the war on terror, like the grenada. uh Panama, you know, those guys that we kick their asses, uh, they collectively, I mean of course, you know, the exception being the uh, the Lebanese who really did notcha, pretty big w there in Beirout, but other than that, the ospray killed more people than those guys, uh, displacement, 79,200 tons, full load, length, 100, uh, 1,39. feet speed 33 knots, which is approximately 38 mph, apparently uh, aircraft 85, crew, 6,289, damn, that's bigger than many a lot of towns in this country, just think about that, we've got personnel, we've got fire fighters, this is a guy in a uh plexiglass sort of future space suit, he's got a big water hose, putting out fires, firefighters in the armed forces content with hazards quite different from those with most civilian air fireman deal. one significant reason is that fuels and chemicals used in today's military vehicles and aircraft are often hazardous materials, requiring special training and procedures. firefighters in all situations strive to deny the fire fuel, oxygen or heat to interrupt the chemical chain reaction. deprivation one of these elements will cause the fire to go out. okay, in case you didn't know how putting out a fire worked, thank you for that. here we go, geography, south korea, we're getting a shout out to another member of the coalition, you signed off on this war, you get a card. Korea, with a recorded history of more than 2,00 years, was divided into north and south in July 1945, nice passive voice, who is it divided by? after, that might not be passive. but I mean after North Korea invaded South Korea in June 1950, the United Nations invoked military action to be led by the United States. True for the Korean War was signed in 1953. South Korea is not a member of the United Nations. Is that still true? The south South Korea's got to be in the UN now right? There was a South Korean UN's uh general secretary recently for operation uh desert storm south korea sent supply planes and pilots. Geographic area, 38,25 square miles, yeah, it is, so when did it get out of, when was it not in the UN, it was admitted in 91, okay, interesting, so at this point it wasn't, uh, population 43.9 million, language, Korean, predominant religions, buddhism, confusionism and Christianity, rare among, asian. countries and not coincidentally because it's also where us occupation had the most cultural impact. capital, soul, government type, republic, head of government, prime minister, kangang Nuon, Hoon, one way or another, probably dead, all right, we've got Germany, reunited and it feels so good, that's right, Germany. she's back to her old tricks, this is, i believe the the thing on the card here is, i think this is mad king ludwigs bavarian castle, is that what this is? the one that he spent uh you know 25 years building and and destroyed his uh fortune uh so we got the federal republic of Germany at midnight on October 3rd 1990 Germany was reunited after 45 years of division. The end of World War II, Germany was divided into two parts, east and west. In 1973 each was admitted to the United Nations. On September 15th, 1990, Germany promised to contribute a two two billion dollars aid package to the Gulf effort. uh, as was the case with other nations, Germany companies of course sold weapons and war materials to Iraq before August 2nd 1990, damn uh, spilling some tea here in these cards, reminding people that, oh yeah, these guys were arming Saddam, I wonder if they talk about how we arm Saddam in any of these cards, geographic area, 137,600 square miles, population 77.5 million, language, German, predominant religions, Roman catholicism, protestantis. Capital Berlin, government type, Democratic Republic, head of government, good old chancellor helmet Cole, he was a big fat party animal, he would hang out with Bill Clinton, they did giant Knockworsts, uh, I think it is, I think there's a strong argument to be made that Germany should have been uh broken up after World War One, and then not allowed to reunite, certainly after World War II, like that's No brainer, but "they probably should have said, look, if we don't want Germany to interfere with uh, the establishment of an anglo-led, international economic system, which is what we're doing, we are building an anglo-american world system for the 20th century, if we are serious about preventing Germany as a uh subgroup of humanity, the German people, people who speak German and occupy that." graphic area if we uh are serious about preventing them from grabbing at the rains then they just can't be allowed to be one country, they're just too powerful and so they probably should have broke it up after uh world war 1, of course it would have tried to push itself back together again obviously, but uh letting it reunite after 1990 was, i don't know, probably a mistake, you got another military asset here, the mirage 2000, we talked about this one, yeah, this is a fucking double, this sucks, how am i getting doubles? i i have the complete set here, they should be all different, put Israel in Germany, yes, like there there was a this is this is true, there was a nakwa style uh ethnic cleansing of east prussia, uh, the baltic coast area uh in what is now Poland after war 2 uh and the difference is that uh those people were integrated back into German society when they were pushed west not kept in refugee camps uh for the rest of their lives uh and so if they had uh settle some Jews there nobody would have said a word. the Germans least of all, because they were responsible. Oh good, this is a good one, military skill, teamwork, it makes the dreamwork, folks, Marx's parents were from the Rhineland, on the other side of Germany, they were liberated, his family were Jews, whose family was liberated by the uh occupation of the French army. during the napoleonic war. so teamwork: for every combat soldier, 10 people work in support, these troops, working as a team, keep the fighting force supplied, informed and directed, as in everyday life, practicing teamwork makes every job easier, whenever you can, lend a hand, i think that's something we can all agree with, oh boy, intelligence file, palestinians, oh boy, Palestine is a region that now consists of Israel, the west bank and the ghaza strip. In 1967, hundreds of thousands of Palestinians fled from their homeland as a result of the Arab Israeli war. Today more than 2.5 million Palestinians live outside what was Palestine. Their dream is to return one day and to reclaim the land that Israel now officially. occupies, thinking that Saddam Hussein might further their cause, many Palestinians supported Iraq during operation Desert Storm. Could they really be innocent? is Israel really uh wrong to treat them that way if they're going to support Iraq during operation desert storm? a war so great we made a fucking uh collector's card set out of it, that's a good war. if you're making collector's card sets for your war, it's a good one. pretty axiomatic there, so therefore Palestinians, bad. okay, here we go. definitely in the second row of uh supporters for the war effort here, we got Sweden in geography, Sweden, we got Sweden, located on the Scandinavian peninsula in northern Europe, Sweden has been occupied by basically the same ethnic people for approximately 500 years. Sweden gained independence from Denmark in 1523, for almost two 200 years, Sweden has maintained a position of armed neutrality. Sweden joined the United Nations in 1940. 6 for operation desert storm, Sweden provided medical personnel. Oh, isn't that nice? Send some bandates. They also probably sent a lot of military hardware, because the dirty little secret of the Swedish political economy is that they are a big time arms exporter, like that was how they contributed their percentage of you, industry, industry-based consumption, which everybody had to do while we built the post-ward order. want like Norway which has that fucking oil uh they're they're they're up there in the middle of nowhere so they may a shit ton of weapons sto everybody and here we got another country another very crucial ally in the war Italy hey abondanza hey twice just because she is so nice, angelina, angelina, at the pizzaria, i eat soup and ministrone, just be with her alone, angelina, angelina, waitress at the pizzaria, okay, the Italian republic, after a lengthy history as the seed of the Roman empire and the catholic church, modern Italy was united, unified during the middle of the 19th century, during the renaissance Italy led the development in western culture since Italy was one of the aggressors during world war 2, it was not permitted to join the United Nations until 1955 for operation desert storm Italy supplied naval units and planes hey we give you some spaghetti too don't forget that uh hey what's the matter with the you uh it's very funny when you study world war 2 and you look at Mussolini and his insistence on making uh Italy once again the Roman empire, accepting the mantle of colonial conquest that was thrown down by that very anglo-american uh global economy that was being built right, because the uh the headquartering of world capitalism in in London and then Washington DC, radicated on those states command of resources, not just at home, but in their connected network of conquered and exploited lands, like it's all one project when you consider that the United States is just this tumor that grew off of the British imperial state, because there's just so much resources and so much land and such a motivation to... emigrate that the the crisis racked uh British society creates this new uh colonial class that's capable of operating under its own for its own self-perceived interests which eventually come in a conflict conflict with the greater imperial interest of England which is why the you have the revolutionary war but at that point you know it's still England's ball like they the the pound sterling is is of de facto global reserve currency throughout the 19th century. i mean, i've said this before, but one of the big things that doomed reconstruction, people, you talk about how oh, you know, america is just too racist, it could never have worked. one of the big constraints had nothing to do with America's racial, animis uh, and and racism, it had to do with the fact that the US dollar was in a sense pegged to the British pound along with every other major economy that traded with England. you were honor to trade, you traded in British pounds, otherwise it the the transaction cost builds up and it becomes uh, you lose your competitive advantage, uh, and so what now the the the republican party after the war didn't really have any interest in a loose money policy for their own reasons uh like they were ideologically and materially committed to hard money but that they were not the only republicans there were soft money republicans who wanted to keep uh going because the US went off of the gold standard during the war to pay for the war to mobilize they made these greenbacks unsecured by anything fiat current. and they were the the the economy was flushed with this money after the war, and the question was, what do we do with it, and what they ended up doing with it was taper it off, but there were republicans to said, no, this should be the new reality, and one of the things pulling them away from that, not the only thing, but a powerful force that led to the the eventual domination, helped lead to the domination of the conservative faction of the republicans is that if they had gone off the gold standard, in effect, they would have been much. more vulnerable visa v the British in global trade, they would have, they would have potentially undermined their economy, like the danger of inflation would have been real, it would have required like a real conflict between the US and Britain, on political grounds to resolve that, but that's all based on their colonial holdings, the matrix of power that they extract out of the earth. and and then like pull through this network of of trade relationships. in the 20th century your country was going to be subborned into that structure, under what conditions was that going to happen? the countries of Italy and Germany, late comers to the national pageant in Europe, were too late to establish the sort of uh uh terrestrial imperial dominion that the anglosphere did. France by that point had accepted that it would be a junior partner, that it would be along for the ride in a sense, but Germany, and then later and then Italy too, uh, insisted that they could have a a com more commanding uh position. Germany, it made sense, they were the biggest, together, they're the biggest, most economic. powerful block in Europe, they mad makes every stands to reason that they would make a play for control, for a Germany given that position, it would be irrational of them to not try to seek that, because they clearly have the capacity to assert it, but what they don't really realize is that those colonial holdings have given the anglo-american block a a crucial time advantage in in building institutional uh capacity to carry out this control, which means you can't take it from them, that's what that means, and they tried, they tried to snatch it and they got smack back, and with Germany, as I said, it makes sense, Italy is funnier, Italy comes down to the delusions of uh, the dip shit Mussolini and his cadre of Hangers on, who in the context of like a a Italian state. that had barely been brought into existence, that was still just this fledgeling structure uh with with very weak uh legitimacy or effective extension of its power uh, it couldn't really hold off this uh, motivated uh push towards power from most lenie and his followers, and they said we're going to make Europe, we're going to make it rome again, so we're... to do war everywhere, and where were they, where was left for them to go to war with? they went to war to Ethiopia, and then they gave a lot of support to the nationalists during the spanish civil war, and Mussolini was fixated all through the Spanish civil war on getting as much playing time for his guys as possible, he wanted to send as many volunteers, many of them Italian uh fascist black shirts to spain to learn how to fight, to to display - Italian uh uh valor and and and you know Roman spirit and to that end they sent thousands of uh troops, he also kind of crazily did almost unrestricted submarine warfare on merchant ships going to republican Spain that saw like the sinking of British ships uh, there was a danger that the uh the Italians were going to like go the... the British into a war in the Mediterranean, that's how seriously they took it, but hilariously, the record of the Italian army in the Spanish civil war is pretty mixed, they and... they took uh Santander in the north, I think, but they also were responsible for like one of the few times that the republican army was able to execute a meaningful offensive blow and like take significant territory, it was from the Italians, and then he invades Albania, and then hilariously in uh, goes into Greece, gets his ass kicked out of Greece, has part of... taken from him by the greeks, forcing Hitler to postpone barbarosa and divert forces to the south to secure uh Greece, I mean that is a big what if, what if, what if fucking Mussolini doesn't shoot his wad there, but they were always the weakest link in that chain, holy crap, along for the fucking ride, because you aren't what you think you are, yes you're harkening back to Rome, but that's cuuse you're closer to it. in your institutions and in your uh culture than Germany is or or the UK or the UK, because they have gone through a capitalist transformation that you have uh failed to have initiated, and so you have these early pop-offs in in all of the least developed countries in Europe are the ones where some sort of uh revolution or took power, and then of course Germany, which was just decimated by world war two world war one, but the institutions get hollowed out or are never built. uh, geographic area, 156,303 square miles, population 57.7 million, language, italian, predominant religion, Roman Catholic. capital Rome, government type, republic, head of government, prime minister, Julio Andreoti, oh my god, holy crap, uh, Andreotatti was pm during this war, wow, so if anybody knows about um, you know, gladio, about propaganda duet, about the years of led, about the deep state power that ruled Italy, during the heyday of the Italian communist. party, that guy, Andreoti uh, was the eminent griss of the political wig of that power structure for almost the entire post-war period, and he he had many people killed, he collaborated with the CIA and former fascists, the Vatican, and of course the mafia to uh ensure that the Italian communist power never party never took power. and so that means false flag terror attacks, massive amount of drug smuggling to fund the whole thing uh, and probably the assassination of a prime minister who was threatening to bring the democ the communist party into government. there was also during Nixon uh, a moment where a fascist coo was uh planned and like in the often, like it was it was, it was like midnight was coming and it was going to be Spain in 1936, and then Nixon made a phone call to the head of the thing and called it off and it was just fully demobilized uh and then to this day nobody exactly knows why that happened, one of the leading theories is that it was essentially just a warning, it was just showing to the uh powers that be in Italy exactly what the US and its allies in Italy were capable of. and willing to do, and then because uh, they got the message, it wasn't followed through on. Yes, uh, somebody asked what happened, how did Mussolini die, he was captured at fleeing the uh social republic of Sallo uh, with his mistress and he was shot, and then had uh, hung by his ankles uh, above a gas station. and one of the people who shot him actually was elected to the Italian parliament after the war as a communist, oh he was given a trial, well that's nice, ge, I wonder what the outcome of that was gonna be, hey uh, hey, is this the guy? yeah, we all know it's him, but then those people the... people who had supported him all throughout that period, they were just reincorporated into the Italian state just as the former nazis were in West Germany, and to a lesser but still. extent east Germany and you know like that whole thing, that also happened in Japan, Japan also had a gladio style organization that that stood up a relationship between a political party, the liberal democrats, a uh corporate structure, a corporate power structure and... a black market uh illegal power structure in the form of the fucking yakuza. the only difference is there was never really a years of lead other than you know like the Japanese red guard running around because Italy because japan prospered way more than Italy did economically in the post war period. so they got just uninterrupt they got the same uninterrupted rule by that gladio. that Italy did, only it didn't have truck bombings and and assassinations every day. oh, and yeah, the former uh, war criminals, and colonial monsters who had despoiled China and the rest of the greater East Asia. the co- prosperity speed, we're all back integrated into government, it was not the end of world war ii, it was a change of sides, that happened sometimes during war, so like when you have multiple parties, more than two parties at war, you will often see allies flip when fucking Hannibal invaded Italy, he had this 15-year nightmare of securing alliances with non-roman tribes or non-roman uh groups outside of Rome or like on the on the peninsula. fighting with him and then they just eventually he moves away and they go under the sway of Rome again and they switch sides. yes a few uh Japanese left us have killed by katanas, but it's much smaller, it's a much uh less bloody record. than in Italy, so what yeah, so yeah, uh, so all you have is a a breather, a time out, which is what you had after 1918, after the versay, that wasn't, that none of those issues were resolved by that war, it was just they exhausted, everyone exhausted each other fighting and had to reconstitute for a while. and then they went back at it again, and then once again there was an exhaustion moment, and then they went back at it, and that was the cold war, which was in reality a bunch of actual hot conflicts all over the globe, mostly concentrated in those places where capitalism was still being uh uh imposed at the at the like at the closest levels of exchange, where where the traditional uh economic cultural structures that had persisted were being broken open violently, and that is the continuation of World War II with the side switched, it went from US, UK, and the and the USSR against the uh, the right-wing terror states of the access to the defeated accesses, ruling elites, now signing is essentially a separate peace with US and the UK and then going to war in the rest of the world with the uh us anglo former ally the Soviet Union and one of the things that really uh really condemns Stalin because you can defend Stalin all you want and say he had to do what he had to do if they were going to beat the nazis okay but then what happened he understandably, but still erroneously did not realize that uh, that the only path forward was going to be war with, not with the west, he didn't want that, and there, we've talked about it before, there was a high possibility of that being at least attempted by the United States under a healthier FDR or a Henry Wallis presidency. but the fact that all it took was uh that Hick Truman becoming president to to completely derail it says, it was never a sure thing, but yeah, like we could have continued fighting. that those those national uh demons with our soviet colleagues in the rest of the world uh which would have eventually meant civil war in the west would have broken those countries in half would have broken us in half would have led to a lot of violence. there's no option where warfare is not the defining characteristic of the 20th century, but warfare with perhaps a different outcome. like we come on the other end of the of the monstrous conflicrations of the 20th century nitting towards something instead of burrowing frantically away from each other as we become ever more uh biologically and technologically interconnected like we have these processes at banging against each other instead of harmonizing towards one another and that's is the the dream that the that the left broadly fought in the 20th century, that was the vision, and I think it says something that it's a vision that the right shares in its imagery, in its in its uh self-conception and in its propaganda of you know of a stellar uh super super fecundity, but it it's like the how to get that, the question of how that is brought about, is it brought about by humans mastering their environment and then cooperating towards you, a interstellar civilization, or is it grinding humans against one another, until you have led to the conquest of a class of people. who consider themselves the airs of a the the uh uh the champions of a darwinist tournament of uh like survival among the the living things of earth right like because that is that is what uh space fascism is right the thing that our elites are trying to create oh yeah uh Star Trek, but with the knowledge that your Star Trek world was built on and through, the extinguishment of everyone wasn't you, what justifies that in the mind of these people is that well we have been selected by this contest, this endless eternal human contest of wills, and we have one, but the thing is, the twist is is that in. you have been pulled to the top of a inhuman calculating machine that is not selecting for the best of humanity that is not selecting for anything vital that we would want to protect and define as the good in the world, even if it's totally narcissically connected to our individuality, the deeper like emotional truths of life are... so that by the time they're the only ones left what they think the life that they think that they're taking to space has been fucking suffocated, they are the borg. so how do you get there is what matters? how do you get to those those those ships and those bubble cities and that endless frontier? how do you make the frontieer truly endless, both out and crucially in? how do you make it so that there is always a meaningful pursuit of life, not the thwarted gangriness uh? the hollow and endless pursuits uh of of of living uh for base ideas of enjoyment, pleasure, you know, indulgence, that stuff, the sensory experience of a single individual, if you build a machine to give you that, It's taking your awareness of anything but yourself, it's stripping you of connections, like real neural connections to the the... the feedback of life, like the the hum of of of of existence. because yes, if you do not have a social vision of uh existence, if you don't have an emotional relationship to other people that is not abstracted into a an economic calculus motivated by your uh preferences, your your status is homo economicus, yes might recognize i need other people, i even love other people, but fundamentally relates that uh, has makes that relationship, a a hedonic calculus, as opposed to just the genuine, uncompelled love of others, if you don't have that, then you will never make a human move. You will never do a thing for a human motive, you will only do things for a motive that can be abstracted, calculated, predicted uh and drained of uh free will and meaning. We think that's the condition of life, no, that is the condition that life imposes upon us against our will, and we struggle with it every day, and that struggle is our life. that struggle is uh our our purpose, struggling against that. All right, I'm going to do quickly one more pack of these because I've enjoying it uh, military asset, the MIM 104 Patriot, this was the most famous weapon of the Iraq war for anyone who was alive at that time, the first one, much ballyhood, this was an anti-missile missile that was used to shoot down missiles, this is pre- iron dome shit, the scudbuster, thank you, they called it, and they used it to prevent the missiles that uh, Saddam shot at Israel from hitting anything, because Israel at the request of the United States did not go to war uh against uh Iraq because the US had gotten all the other uh arab countries to go along. with this war uh, they even gotten Syria, which was like ruled allegedly by a bath party uh, just like Iraq was, even though they all hated each other, he had this delicate diplomatic balance, and if Israel had had joined it, then that would have knocked the whole thing off, they wouldn't have been able to uh, sustain that even to their own people, even the dictatorship, and so Israel was neutral, and so to get Israel to attack him. Saddam shot a bunch of scuds at Israel and they had the patriot to shoot him down, although I don't honestly know if it ever worked. I don't know what its, what its success rate was, I don't think it did very met much, I don't, I'm not sure it might have shot down one or two, I don't, if anyone has the stats on the patriot in the first gulf war, please tell me. The highly effective, oh yeah, the highly effective mobile air defense missile has been the chief protector against the scud missile attacks, middle east, once launched, the patriot is guided by a control station, using data from both ground-based radar and a receiver in the nose of the missile, as it nears the enemy missile or aircraft, the patriots fragmentation warhead detonates, destroying the intruder, hell yeah, that's pretty fucking boss, uh, manufacturer Rathion. god bless rathion speed mock two range 42 miles primary function surface to air defense warhead fragmentation the patriot. Yeah, I don't think they even use those anymore, I don't think Iron Dom uses them, yeah, so that was a big flop, uh, military skill, latitude and longitude, is that a skill, it seems like it's a tool, latitude and longitude, knowing what it is, is that the skill? uh, measurement of latitude and longitude provides a system for locating many any position on the globe. Major divisions are measured in degrees. and minor divisions in minutes, the prime meridian is located at the Grenich observatory in England, of course it is, of course it is, where else would it have been? the 19th century was the was the century where Judge Holden first beheld the world in all of its glory and started to really do the job of pinning all of the butterflies to the cork board, and so and that process was carried out spearheaded by the dreaded anglo-lizard people, so of course they get the axis of the world. the latitude of Washington DC is latitude north, 38 degrees 523 minutes, longitude 77 degrees 2 minutes. there you go, in case you wanted to find that on a map. government, us constitution, that's right, US constitution, read it, love it, it's the greatest document, it is, it might end up being humanity suicide. note which should be very funny because I could see future humans looking back at this version of the human comedy and going like oh yeah this thing here that's some bad code that's going to be a problem constitution has been used as a model worldwide uh actually that's not true at all it's actually hilarious to what degree the US constitution the first democratic constitution is not the model that other constitutions follow our system of elections for example is one that we have never, all the countries we've knocked over and replaced the government as since in the 20th century, not one of them have we given our system, because it is designed not to work, and in America that was fine, because the political work that other uh democratic systems needed to do in America was done by what, you know it, you love it, free real estate, free real estate patched over that... degree of social conflict that in European parliamentary democracies had to be wrangled politically and and disputed and dispersed politically that degree of violence and conflict had to be diffused for stability. In America, that degree of conflict could be exported onto compelled labor and expropriated land. So of course nobody fucking got. our system, it's it's it's it's designed to be ineffective, and if you aren't the american, the settler colony, it doesn't work, uh, as a model worldwide, no, it doesn't, to form workers, working rules for government, its purpose is stated elequantly in the preamble, all right, settle down, we, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice and ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare and secure the blessings liberty to ourselves and our posterity do ordain and establish this constitution of the United States, a coup, a banker's cou against the plane republic, and the funny thing is is like that is both true, that understanding of like the federalists as this group that was trying to trying to destroy the liberty-loving legacy of the constitution, of the of the revolution, it is true, but Considering that the people complaining about it and economically mobilizing it were not the plane people of the of the country were not uh the the rebels of western Pennsylvania, they were the planter Aristocrats of the fucking peedmont south, and if they wanted their little uh slave republic, they were going to have to build a administrative and financial state capable. offending off uh other powers, they couldn't accept the reality of their position because they didn't have to, because they got to play cicero in their little fancy fucking uh colonated plantation house, they got to pretend, they got to live in a fantasy land, but on the and the people in the of the rough rocky soil of New England, they couldn't, they literally couldn't afford those illusions, it's like yeah they were doing it to gain power and they were doing it for for their own economic benefit, of course that's why everybody does everything, you're not explaining anything when you say that, the reason they did it is because they thought the United States needed to be a fucking competer a competing nation to the existing European uh power structure, they had to compete, they needed to compete for power, or they would be destroy, they would be supplicated by somebody, and even though they didn't want it, they ended up letting it happen, why? because they secretly needed it, they didn't know it, but they needed it. and and that one of the big problems with American populism is a tradition is a huge percentage of it is just dumb ass uh fixed capital holders whose parochial uh whose whose luxurious parochial ignorance allows them to think that they don't need uh the modern state capacity that uh markets provide and they dig their heels in and they fuck it up and they are allowed to do it to the degree that they can kind of get it out of their system, maintain their you know protection for their industry, but over time that goes away, and now in a situation where there is a fully empowered republican party that is ready to to do things like fucking go over the fucking fiscal clip to not pay the debt, which is just an insane nialistic thing to do, and you could only do it if you are an expression of that particular parochial delusion of the fixed capital holders of the United States. leader, lieutenant General Charles A Horner, we got Chuck Horner here, I always put this too low, uh, he is the lieutenant general Charles Horner, he's the commander of the ninth air force, US command center air force, US command air force, Shaw, AfB SC. Commissioned as the second lieunant in the US Air Force after his graduation from college, Horner was awarded his pilot wings. in November 1959 and worked his way through the ranks to become general on August 1st 1968 1988. Horner is the command pilot with more than 400 4500 flying hours and has maintained proficiency in a variety of modern fighter aircraft including F4s, F15s and F16s, well that's cool, they got these uh old generals tooling around the F16 sometimes born davenport Iowa USA, birthday October 19th 1936. Education University. of Iowa, Iowa City, USA, 64, uh, MBA, College of William and Mary, Williamsburg, Virginia, 72, one of our heroes, we got Argentina here, I think they're either, they're at the tail end of the hunta at this point, I don't know, has the hunta fallen, I think the Hunta fell after the Falklands, so fresh little baby democracy, Argentina's post world war II, history is marked by the name winning presidential elections in 1946 and 1951, Juan d parone became so powerful as a dictator that a coup forced him into exile in 1955. his wife Isabela later became the hemisphere's first woman chief of state, in 1962, great Britain and Argentina, in 1982, Great Britain and Argentina f over the Falkland Mal Venus Islands. Argentina is a member of the United Nations and the coalition forces. Uh. geographic area 1 million72,067 square miles, population 32.3 million, language Spanish, predominant religion, Roman Catholic, capital, buenosaires, government type, republic, head of government, president Carlos Menhem, oh yes, the guy went into power as a peronist claiming that he was gonna fight uh the neoliberal austerity and then got in there and it's like psyke yall believe me, you play too much. we got another military asset here, oh god, another terrible picture, the fa 18 hornet, this is a very famous plane, i think it was in, i think they use the hornet in uh, topgun maveric again, not sure, but this picture is very dark uh, with this it looks a little brighter with the the the camp the light in the in the screen, but it's um, it's very dark, it's a shitty shot, it's a bad shot. the fa-18 hornet, the multi-mission hornet is both a fighter and an attack aircraft, cool, carried or carrier or land based, it is used by both the US navy and the US core and can carry up to 17,000 pounds of air to air or air to ground missiles and bombs. there are 128 deployed in operation desert storm throughout six carrier groups and us marine land bases. manufacturer mcdonald Douglas, speed mock 1.8 max range i 600, 662 miles. armament 20 millimeter m61 uh girl, two wing tip side winder m other missiles and or bombs crew, one for the fa 18a, and uh two for the fa 18b. okay, could they still just use this guy? do we need the new ones? do we need the f22? do we need the f35? can we just use the hornet? like what what? who's doing dog fights for christ sake? it's not even a thing anymore. we're not even. anymore, we just use drones, military asset, uh, the spur class destroyer, that's right, bobby, we got a spirts class destroyer, yeah, there there's no f35 in tapgum maveric, and they hilariously explained that by saying, well we could use the f35, it definitely doesn't crash in the rain, but unfortunately they're using some sort of like guidance but jammer so we can't use it because it'll jam the guidance, like holy shit, couldn't who, when, let's hope that doesn't get out, because then everyone will just use the guidance jammer and then you'll never be able to use it anywhere, first to employ gas turbines as their main propulsion, the spur class destroyers have undergone modernization, they have received lamps, three helicopters and tomahawk missiles in addition to phalanks, destroyers, uSS hewit out of yokusuka, japan and USS David R Ray of Long Beach California were part of operation desert storm fleet, the spince class destroyers and are the largest destroyers built by any western navy, yeah that's right, motherfucker, biggest, destroyers, do we need them, are they useful in this late date, probably not, but we have more of them and they're bigger than anybody, displacement eight. 6,040 tons full load, length 563 ft, speed 20 32.5 nots, 37 mph. armaments, two phalinks seewees, two five-inch guns, two triple torpedo tubes and missiles, crew 334, oh yes, i've heard about the zomwalt, total debockle, they can't even give the... away uh, government, the department of defense, yes, that's right, we're building the largest office building on earth to consecrate the American military industrial complex, following its unholy awakening into existence following world war ii, uh, what are we going to do, oh, we're definitely going to make it into an occult shape, you know we're going to do that, we can't help ourselves, we couldn't help ourselves designing Washington DC, and we can't design ourselves with the... because we know what's happening here, a a planetary creature's eye is awakening and we are creating a gateway for it to gaze into our realm. created by the national security act of 1949, the US dod is responsible for maintaining the military and protecting the security of the United States. the department developed from the need to coordinate the military branches and prevent rivalries. yeah, i'm sure they did a great job of that. the current secretary of defense. is Richard Chan, remember him, he comes back later, this is for desert storm, leader, John Major, oh my god, doesn't he just look so handsome and powerful, what a what a hunk, this is the guy who sent Saddam Scurring back from Kuwait, he's John Major, the prime minister of the UK, son of a... Acrobat did not know that, that's interesting. John Major quit school at age 16 to help support his family. After several unsuccessful attempts at politics, he became a member of parliament as a conservative in 1979. In 1987 he became chief secretary of the treasury, a cabinet position, then was appointed foreign secretary in 1989. In 1990 he was appointed prime minister. He kind of cood Maggie out of there. Maggie was getting a little too crusty and there are young guns in the Conservative Party who were kind of sick of her, so she didn't losing. fascinating born London England birth plate birthdate March 29th 1943 education, left school at age 16, damn i thought all those motherfuckers like had to be from Oxbridge, I guess thatcher wasn't right, daughter of a grosser, god, there's never been anything more perfect than the fact that uh, Richard Nixon and uh... were the were the children of uh like grocery proprietors, like comestible retailers, like people who sold food to people, the ultimate lower middle class existence, low margin, constant grind, conflict with suppliers, in conflict with customers, in conflict with the state that taxes and regulates you, no friend to any quarter. that is the psychic world of the lower middle class, and it is why fascism is its political fantasy, when it senses decline and extinguishment, because it cannot conceive of any sort of solidarity, it trusts none outside of its zone. so it imagines, if we're going down, we go down swinging, which means the fascist death drive that we're felt well familiar with now, so that is why it is in one sense true to say that the conservative, republican party now is fascist, just in the sense that we finally have in the United States the land of planting, the land of free real estate, we finally at the exhaustion of that concept, we have a enthroned lower middle class that does not see a way out, that is the thing that connects this moment to the fascist moment. the difference though is that that expression was able to be channed into a robust political culture, an infrastructure of civic organization and mobilization, a mass politics and a mass culture that led them able to literally seize control of the apparatus is some of the most powerful states in the... the world, that does not persist now, we have the same impulse, we have the same death drive blinking in the brain stems of the dying lower middle class of America, but they're not, that isn't being channed into uh mobilization, it's being channed into uh fantasy, because we're just in front of screens, we've been demobilized and depoliticized as as subjects, those those organs of of social power that a person could go out every day of their house and no existed and nowhere to go to amplify their energy, they're gone now, you got guys like running around in in in polo shirts cause playing that because they're younger and more motivated and they actually want to get to those social passions can't be can't be channeld towards like effective. is takeover of our institutions, but it means we don't have the capacity to challenge them from a position of solidarity either, but solidarity can be built through experience, and that is the hope of the world. final one for today, geography, Iraq, this is a pretty important card, I would say, you don't really have - a deck without this card, republic of Iraq, ancient Iraq was known as Mesopotamia, the land between the rivers, Tigers and the Euphraties. Modern Iraq meaning Cliff in Arabic, I didn't know that, encompasses more territory than Mesopotamia. The present boundaries were set by the British. Oops in 1922. What do you now? Denied a viable outlet to the sea, except for the shot al Arab. Iraq tried to connect these land problems by correct these land problems by waging war with Iran from 1900, 1980 to 1988. On August 2d 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait. cysy spiko and the British mandate, they really did some wacky stuff in there, they really uh, they really planted some... very hilarious bombs that would later go off in the face of everybody. geographic area: 167,924 square miles, population 18.8 million, languages arabic and Kurdish, predominant religion, islam, shiah, governor, government type, republic dezure, dictatorship, de facto, all right, buddy, getting at a toral again, head of government, president and prime minister, Okay so those are some more of those fun guys, bonjour and bonsoir.