 as well, i have sunbed on kinder, been turned to a sinder, and many more things i can tell, my rocksack has often me pillow, the heather has often me bed, and sooner than part from the mountain, i think i would rather be dead, i'm a rambler, i'm a rambler, i'm manchester way, i get all my pla pleasure the hardmoreland way, i may be a wage slave on monday, but i am a freeman on sunday, ah, i'm doing a rare weekend, rare midafternoon show, early afternoon show, because one, i'm going to be gone next week, no streams, two, i wanted to get a look at the backyard during the day. so you can see some of this cool snow cuuse it's cool and the snow's cool and i like snow and i'm glad that it snowed because i kind of had given up on never seeing a nice snowstorm again in northeast got all that guy there delightful oh boy oh boy people are going to start puking there we go and it's the good stuff, it's the good packy stuff, the stuff you want, not that wet shit that you can't do anything with, this is good packing snow, good uh man and ball snow, i'm trying to reset this fucking thing, begging your pardon, i think the i think my shit is bro looking here so might fall at any moment oh no it snowed in wisconsin it snowed over thanksgiving didn't it? i guess this is the first winter snow but like it has already snowed in wisconsin i know that for a fact oh materus cancel bloody christmas mate is slow of bullix they did it mate the cancel blady christmas, i got good to be able to eat me bolox pie with me grand, those freaks take christmas seriously, they invented all most of the shit, i mean so did the Germans, but they're all germans basically, fucking germans invented christmas one way or the other, whether you're talking about the central European traditions that created the concepts of like the the uh father christmas st nicholas and uh and uh gift giving and the tree uh which of course was a descendent of like pagan uh traditions of of of forest worship and then the anglos just fucking uh immigrant germans created the 19th century victorian christmas that we was then codified by coca-cola, it's all crouch shit all the way down, christmas is crouch shit, it has nothing to do with the Jesus or uh the nativity or or anything that happened in uh the fucking middle. beast, it's all about, it's all about fucking square headed crous huddling for warmth uh in a fucking snow-banked december, but they love that shit up there, and now they're not going to get christmas, because they've created a new tier, there's tier four, if you're in tier four, christmas is cancelled, those people love it, they love acting like blade runner. fucking going, there are three, you are now divided into three tears, your tear is not your destiny, you can escape your teer at any time by compliance, they love it, they hate their freedom and they want it to be taken away, but not through like a collaborative process, but through a violent domination, because there are a bunch of siccos. What I think is most interesting though is that it's the conservative government that's doing the lockdowns and then you can't really you don't have like the the federalist mishmash. to give people a confusion about who to blame about a lot of these directives um, because like all those people were pissed at democratic governors for enforcing lockdowns and stuff, most of the time it was not them doing it, but they were the nearest democrat they could blame, they have like you, a parliamentary government without dumb federalism in in in Britain, and they have a conservative government, and they're the ones doing it, they're literally cancelling Christmas and I know that. has all of our dumb culture war stuff, even if it's not quite as armed as ours, like i know there's a hilarious deal where people are trying to put the magnacarta in their fucking shop windows to keep them from being closed, which is just chef's kiss, just the way that our idiocy like like Britain exploded in the early modern era and like the dumbest parts of it flew across the water to to become our base mororons and now the idiocy became so dominant it's bouncing back on them like any i mean don't you know enough, british, i thought the British were still educated enough know that the magnakarta was just about giving the barons liberties over their fucking subjects, that that that is a that Britain is a fucking literal class society, but anyway like they have our kind of culture war, anti-mask, anti-lockdown sentiment, but where does it go politically, where is it going? I don't know, I mean, there's less of it to channel because people are less psycho there, but uh, it's got to go somewhere. Are they actually doing brexit at the end of the year, did they kick the fucking can down the road again? because if they got another extension then it's never going to happen and it'll just be this forever, which is the perfect metaphor, the perfect metaphor. You have this thing, the concept of Brexit that would represent a genuine break with the current like... European uh trade order and like the state system honestly if you talk about Ireland uh and that's essentially something the system cannot absorb at the moment so it can't happen but you can't just cancel it because that would obviate the fiction of democratic participation by these subject governments so you just kick the can on the road eternally. I think that's honestly more likely than them. hitting a the hard deadline is them just never just always kicking it down the road and someone joke once that in 50 years there will be a weird ritual that nobody understands the purpose from where a guy in a powdered wig has to take the the fucking chunnel over to France and then like walk like a road to kanosa thing to uh to Brussels with a parchment and then give it to a glivery guard in front of the uh uh EU parliament and nobody even k why he's doing it, but it's like a ritualized extension of the deadline. i don't think it's like the debt, the debt is, the debt is literally not real, the debt's not real, but like the the the uh the political crisis, the legitimacy crisis at the heart of European governance is very real, and brexit is a reflection of it, and the question like that that that... matters to policy makers is how much does that get channed into political uh power that can no longer be contained by the ricky structures of the European Union? that's a real question and they don't want to get an answer because it might be the wrong one, and one way to postpone that reckening is by postponing brexit infinitely. all the countries on earth, but two are debter. who do they owe the money to? it's like brunai and the Vatican are the only countries on earth that aren't in debt. who the fuck are they indeed to? aliens? it's not real in the sense that it is not real the way that your personal debt is as if you can be like beggered by it because you're only being beggered by your debt because it's also it's a it's a instrument of coersion it is a fiction designed to get compliance, what that means is there's never going to be some recording point, whereas Brexit, the definition of that vote was at some point in the future we're leaving the EU, so that has a actual timeline to it as opposed to the deck shit where they just point at the number and like Franc the world for the last 30 fucking years and every single time we have ever gotten close to paying off debt or balancing our budget the politics instantly turn away from surplus to getting it as quickly as possible Bill Clinton actually balanced the fucking budget which now seems like an impossibility and essentially is and honestly shouldn't be done he shouldn't have done that it was bad he did but he did it and as soon as Bush got in there the republican the party of... fiscal responsibility, the party that was always yelling, how do you have to, how do you pay for it, there's no free lunch, immediately said about getting rid of that budget surplus, so that's not real, and yeah, one of the fucking financial panics that rocked the 19th century, i believe it was a uh happened when we paid off the the national debt. so that thing is like a fiction, but fucking Brexit is, it's the knock on the door for the European project, now maybe you can keep these fucking goons satisfied with the Christmas hams and and champions league soccer, but at some point you have to worry, can this be contain, because there are because it isn't a fully... uh like subordinated um political unit like the United States because these are our separate countries that were never really integrated at the political level, that was always supposed to come later in the EU, the EU talk about kicking the can down the road, everything that the EU is built on was predicated on a political uh tightening of political ties that has not happened and that in the absence of would render any long-term crisis unmanageable, which is what we've seen. Britain since 2008, basically yeah, they're not going to be on maneuvered by Boris Johnson, which is why they'll just keep them in the EU by prolonging it forever, they don't want him to leave, and these dumb asses don't really have any incentive in seeing Brexit completed either, because it would be bad, I guess I assume, I don't, maybe they're making it up, I have no idea. like i said, i've said before, the whole question of like how catastrophic brexit would be to like uh standard of living in Britain was always the big the the big uh the cudgile to oppose uh brexit, but i don't know how real it is, it's it's not made up completely, but how significant i have no idea, no you've not left, you said that a million times, shut the fuck up, you have not left, you're not out of the EU, shut up. I watched somebody's asking about Michael K and Stalin, I actually watched that when I was a kid because I was cool, there was a big, I think it was TNT or it might have been one of the networks, multi-night series about uh like the uh the big three and the and the uh all the conferences you know like uh uh terron to pot stam or something and uh John Lithgow played FDR which great casting perfect long uh motherfucking ectomorph uh blue blood pilgrim ass motherfucker uh and uh Bob Hoskins played Churchill which is pretty funny considering that churchill was a literal lord the descendent of Marboll like a high the highest of uh of of of blue. Bluest of bloods and Bob Hoskins is just a pudgy little fucking uh cockney guy which is kind of cool uh and then fucking Michael Kane played Stalin with a half ass russian accent it was fun yes churchilla was half American his mom was american all right thank you someone says I'm blond I I know this is very indulgent. like kind of eagerly, but it has been kind of weird to me to notice since I've become a public person that that people have very different ideas about what color my hair is, and I think that's weird, I feel like usually most people, they get exposed enough, you see the picture, you see a video of them or you meet them enough, you get an idea of what their hair color is, because but I realized that my hair is like a perfect embodiment of like the main European hair types, like there's three main European hair types and it's essentially blonde, red and then the mixture of the two brown, so you know, since there are three types of hair, blonde, red, brown, what type is this, and I think the reason that's an interesting question, not just solcistic is is that no matter what way you slice it, right? like this is if it's blonde, it's very dark blonde, strawberry blonde, if it's red, it's very like rust colored, it's not bright red, but I have seen drawings of me on the internet. with like light bright white like yellow hair and also just fucking pepperan pippy long stocking red hair and i think that's because you might see it as darker light or like but as long as soon as in your head you turn it into one of those if you turn you take it from you know the reality of this uh muddled red ish brown or blonde ish brown or whatever ish you turn it into like the... most vivid version of what that word means, it's like a, it's like your brain is, you're playing telephone with reality, that's that's the trans, like that's the that's like your mental translation of of ideas, yeah, like I had a somebody made a gropper of me and it had like bright red hair, but I've seen ones where it's blonde, and so I thought the best way to to get an answer to here is, I put it on twitter, I said, if you know, if you think you can answer this question, what color is my hair, and the lowest first was red, it was only like 22, then it was like 27 for blonde, and it was 50%, almost, I think even over 50, like 51% brown, the combination of the two, and I would say that since none of these are real categories, they don't represent real characters, it is all subjective inherently, then that is the objective answer to the question, no matter what I think, and I thought I was blonde my whole life, part of that is because I was born like white hair and what until I was like six or seven i had you know the the uh i had that uh like village of the damned white blonde creepy blonde hair like a kind of kid you're like you like i had the white blonde hair and then it started darkening but i had i was still like a blonde blonde until i was you know in my teenagers and then after puberty it got darker and darker which is a very common thing so but it never got to the point where i felt it had left blonde but then red came out of nowhere as soon as other people like started coming together and trying to say what my color hair color my hair was yes i had draco molfoy ha don't i don't watch that shit but yes that was my hair color so i just think that's interesting and uh and i think by getting that number by doing the machine learning we can get it something that objectively the answer, it's brown, no matter what i think, no matter what you think, it's brown because you ask what was like 12,000 people, yes, 12,00 people, and more than 6,00 of them say brown, it's brown, that's just the answer, italians aren't really european, come on, i guess i'm talking about like the three nordic hair colors like above the above the alps. the handziatic league colors, yeah, there we go, but it was just weird to hear see people call me a redhead, because that always felt very, that always felt like its own thing, like its own kind of... identity that I never had that I was I never had any uh connection to and so it's been kind of weird yes it's very it's very angelic now it's like getting shot through and that's the other thing if like the sun is on it it looks pretty blond no matter what like it looks blond like if you see it under bright lights it looks pretty blond but you know that's not that's not anything that's just that's just subjectivity you got to get like a enough people together and then the sum total of their responses is the actual answer. commodity fetishism, someone wants to know about commodity fetishism, it's very misunderstood because the word fetish throws people and they think that it stands for like materialism and being materialistic and caring about uh commodities and wanting to fuck them, no uh, it is imbuing commodities with the properties of the labor that went into them. and that is how we create uh the the fantasy of the value form and and where where we we we give a value a monetary value to commodities that imbues on the things themselves what is real in reality the value of the labor that went into them and that is what allows for that fetish is what allows for us to uh to suborn labor and and suborn surplus labor under capitalism and and then essentially pay people less than they produced to buy less than they produced. yeah, like a voodood all sense, like they've they've bembued like the fetish, a fetish object in in in like traditional religion is a is a statue or a thing or some sort of made object that has a spiritual. imbument to the people who who - like made it or or carry it, and that in in marks, that process of of enchanting an object is what we do in creating commodities, because in in a tribal community that fetish, like the god that that fetish represents is the god of of the of the people and and and they represent essentially the social power of that group, and our social power is extracted off to the commodities that we create, and that means and that's one of the, I mean, and the condity fetishism, it it it translates into culture in the way that we imbu cultural products with uh, with social meaning. Yeah, that's that's like that's the abstract stuff, that's the stuff that that's the reason it's hard to to just read capital and a lot of people need help, I know I've used needed help because uh, buse it that stuff, it it doesn't like, it's very hard to relate to specifics, because it is, it's it's the meta it's essentially the closest thing that marxism has to like meta because you're talking about the alienation away from a social production, a model where people are producing for a social group to one where uh labor is abstracted, alienated and and a surplus is uh acquired and then take it, and there has to be and and Marx doesn't phrase it in spiritual terms, but it is a spiritual process and so it's the most abstract and hardest to sort of describe to people because anything that is the touches and brushes the ineffable is harder to describe, harder to describe than other thing, yeah alienation, now that's an important one, and it's very intuitive and you can point to examples all over the place. uh, like, for example, that uh, if you're giving a massage to a loved one, there's an oxytocin release, like there's a there's a serotonin, whatever the good brain chemical release uh, that is similar to that that is felt by the person getting the massage, but if you're being paid to give someone a massage, that chemical experience does. happen, that's a literal, measurable physical alienation that occurs due to the alienation of labor, and you can extrapolate that that response, that that physicality, that that physical, the reality of that physical impact of of the wage relation. relationship and capitalism broadly across every segment of social interaction and and and personal uh identity formation. vote face, are you guys talking about uh Felix's vote face? i could never do that. i give felix credit uh, i might, i'm i'm the best, i would say i'm the best chapo at soy facing, will is pretty good too, but only one of us is on the front page of the google image searchers plot. response to soy face and that's me uh, but Felix gets credit for inventing essentially taking a type of face and defining it in its most monstrous and disgusting. Felix is definitely ashaman, Felix is uh, if if you yeah, Felix is someone who got plugged into the internet at the exact right moment to be able to ride its content. essentially, he is, he is kind of a Paul aties figure, like he emerged onto the the blasted sands of the internet 1.0 world at as a nafe, like i was too old, i i encountered that shit when i was already fully formed, or at least close to it, or at least fully traumatized into what would pass for adulthood, felix was still still a young pup, and he was able to to march uh out into the dunes of of internet Aracus and and fucking ride the sandworm and now he sees uh he sees all times through the lens of uh of posting Felix is on there too is he on the first page though, i'm on the i'm in the first line, i'm in the top line okay, i mean my god uh, just off the top I had the hot couch thing, like he took an an experience that everyone had had among a certain demographic slice and articulated it in a way that created like a spontaneous collective prustian revevery for thousands of people who encountered it at least since instant that they did, that's pretty impressive. And that's his good. and it's it's it's amazing, i think it's because i came to it later, i saw it for more remove and there's too many layers of abstraction between me and the zite geist to do anything other than sort of comment on it uh retrospectively rather than bring things into being. Felix might be an all-time observational comic. You know that's funny, it's weird to put it that way, because that is kind of what he is. It's just that instead of doing the signfold thing where you just say the thing, you uh articulate the experience of encountering the thing, which is much deeper. What is the origin of soy face? well soy face comes like most of the good memes from the alt right, the that is the one complaint they have that is fully uh accurate, they got ripped off, everybody stoled their shit, and at the time I always felt kind of weird about it, like, yeah, no, it is kind of. funny that we keep embracing these these griper memes from these people who we otherwise think are absolutely you know socially uh doomed losers whose bitterness has overwhelmed their entire uh humanity but now the way I think when I think now about like when I think now of the online overereducated post collapse. you now precariate that is like the the brain of the internet as one thing rather than is discrete objects when i think of it as a holistic you know kind of a consciousness within the greater collective consciousness then those are uh those are the ones who saw most clearly at the time uh the horrors of the uh liberal or because they were the most ideologically alienated from it, because politics as we understood it didn't really exist, i mean Obama was sort of supposed to be the abolition of politics and the replacement of them with - with validation of identity and and uh things like that, and instead we got this, you know, rocket ship to hell world and people started to... fucking look around themselves and think what the hell is going on, but the first people to be alienated, the ones were alienated on on cultural lines, cultural lines, and so and that means racial, that means they were alienated by uh all of the honestly the most necessary uh and uh progressive and useful parts of the uh emerging uh thesis of like globalized capitalism which of course must be destroyed must be you know challenged and defeated but things within it are going to have to be absorbed into any future and like at a basic level like... liberal multiculturalism is going to have to be, because without multiculturalism as a base, the working class cannot win. the working class cannot effectively fight global capitalism without the multiculturalism that global capitalism brought into hegemonic uh cultural power. that's how your fucking dialect works. you have to destroy this thing, but you have to utilize structures within it to defeat it. because the white working class isn't going to do shit anymore than the uh the American descendants of slave people who think they're going to get reparations from white America by yelling at them online all day that's not going to happen either there is no version vision of liberation that is not multicultural and multi-ethnic and multi uh multiracial because that numbers is are the only weapons you have if you don't have. the numbers can only be got through collaboration, any politics that that demands separation, and stacking privileges on top of each other will be destroyed and broken into those factions that will then be turned against one another by capitalism and then fully completely dissolved by capitalism and destroyed by capitalism. I saw someone uh on a show say that you can't get medicare for all without reparations first and I have to say that was jaw dropping, that was mind-blowing. What is the thinking there? Before you can get to a thing that could benefit pretty much every working person in this country, and save thousands of, I mean every working person in this. everyone, before you get to that, you have to get something that by definition will only help a subsection of Americans, and those who aren't benefit, benefited, well they you have to explain to them why it's good that they aren't benefiting from this, you have to get them to recognize their privilege and feel bad for themselves, that a bad bad about themselves, that's I don't understand how that could, I don't forget, if you're talking about it as a moral proposition, I'm sorry. that's secondary, the question is, how do you get to any of this stuff? and if we're talking about them as like policies that you're trying to push through a political process, then you have to start with the broadest popular base, because the left does not exist, the left doesn't exist, has to be built. one of the big fantas, one of the one of the big things that undermines leftist organizing is the fiction that it does, and that fiction is propagated by people even if they're not trying to sell out for the democrats, even if they're not trying to be sheep dippers for some uh, you know con artistry of electoral strategy, uh, they are still devoted to promoting the idea that like there's that they are offering influence to to a meaningful group of a meaningful organizational uh like collection of people, people who could be uh or uh mobilized and coordinated in their actions and that doesn't exist, and so every question needs to be in how to get it to exist, and a question and and the and an argument saying: reparations first, i'm sorry, that is one that because because you see more possibility than there is in the current ordering of things and just a misapprehension. Oh, that's interesting, somebody actually brought this up to me in a DM, uh, someone's asking, what about Latin America, talking about the coming conflict between China, the United States, what about Latin America, like there is a genuine counter-hedjamonic, counter imperial current there in the form of uh Venezuela, and uh now back in Bolivia, there's there are significant movements that have momentum in Chile. uh Ecuador and Peru are restive uh uh Brazil is obviously uh gripped by reaction right now but there are some green shoots at the grassroots uh Cuba of course holding it up down 90 miles from Florida like a goddamn like the goddamn kings and queens that they are uh the problem though is is where is the independent source of like capital you know where where where can they uh, where where are they able to, i mean i'd say aml, but like i don't know how any mexican president can can, it seems like kind of like being president of mexico seems like it's almost like being like a big city mayor in this country, you can't really do anything that goes against the will of uh of the united states, can you? like realistically we have so many uh strings to tighten. We have so many ways to make uh your job impossible, I don't know how you'd handle it, maybe I think the role they might play is if we do get some sort of conflict between China in the United States, they could sort of tag in and and put their weight behind China and maybe use the fact that they actually have an empowered working class movements across that continent uh to... to bring working class people to the table a little bit, who knows? just just spitballing, it would be nice though, if if if the if uh if if at our if the United States in its dark moment is like battling brush China not like an actual war obviously, but you know in some sort of some sort of... sort of new cold war situation and then off the top turn buckle comes Latin America which you spent the last 200 odd years just vampirically sucking from and and massacring it'd be it would be pretty sweet. uh recommend you a christmas movie? how about die hard? no, i'm kidding, die hard two, which is also a christmas movie by the way, takes place during christmas. i love that they lamp shaded in that movie, they have a have a line where uh, john McLain says another basement, another elevator, how can the same shit? happened to the same guy twice, oh well, let's keep going, that movie is funny because the plot of it is, essentially if Oliver North took a airport hostage and tried to like break Manuel Noriega out of prison, which is pretty cool for a big budget movie, it was fun, it's wildly violent, way more violent than the first one, I mean it's Renny Harland. Yeah, dyher 2 is pretty uh intense, they show a whole swat team, because remember in the first movie, the swat team uh, Hans goes, just wound them, and they shoot them all and like... the legs and stuff and they show them all going ow ow like terminator 2 in uh diehard 2 a whole swat team of cops just gets murked by Robert Patrick actually speaking of terminator two and a bunch of uh a bunch of like us CIA guys and also in retaliation for an attempt to violate the rules uh oliver north uh commands unwinningly to the people in the cockpit a british plane full of people and they even show inside the fucking the plane they show like all all these old british people and little kids running around just to tell you how many innocent people are about to get splashed and then john McLain tries to warn them off for the runway but they smash into the fucking ground blow up callmini isgulfed in flames and then after it's burning McLain goes over and he picks up a fucking uh teddy a burn singed teddy bear out of the r rubble pretty fucking hardcore. the ejector speed escape from the crashed hercules, that's pretty bauller, uh, he fucking puts John Amos into a fucking uh jet engine, oh best of all spoiler alert, but the movie is 30 years old, so this is the best part, so they got this plane full of merch. and Oliver north and Manuel Noriega are about to take off for a non-extradition country. John McLean gets on the side of the plane. Uh, the the turn coat special ops guy played by John Amos, the dad from coming to America comes out and they have a fight on the wing, the guy flies out into the jet engine gets sucked in, then John McLain fights the aliver North guy played by William Saddler. William Sedler kicks his ass and throws him off the plane and he lands on the runway while... the're flying away, bad guys win, wrong, John Mclain, while he'd been on the door on the plane wing had opened up one of the fuel tanks to like try to get him to have less gas, and when he's on the runway, flat on his ass, he sees the big trail of gasoline, and he just takes a zippo and lights it, and the uh trail of gas zips up into the air, into the plane engine uh, gas tank and blows up the plane in midair, he murders like 50 guys, like that's just that's just a murder, that is that is illegal in all 50 states and the district of columbia, there that is like no police officer has ever done an act of uh brutality and like excessive force on that level since like the move bombing and it's great, everyone's happy. they use the downburned carcass of the plane as a landing light for all the planes that have to land because they're running out of fuel. amazing and you could argue yeah sure he should have on that fuck those guys and i probably agree with you, but it's not the kind of thing heroes and movies generally do, like anybody see black rain with uh with Michael Douglas where it's one of those jap japan. panic movies from the early 90s when we were afraid that the Japanese were going to take over because we were having a nervous breakdown of the fact about the fact that we were cutting our own balls off in regard to the industrial economy, but because we have no way to actually interrogate our own government's uh uh industrial policy because it's beyond politics we had to put it off on somebody else and we decided to blame the Japanese for it, even though the Japanese literally their entire fucking economy, their post war industrial economy was stood up by us on purpose, and then in the 70s we intent... changed uh the rules to facilitate uh manufacturing in Japan in order to give them an industrial base to uh to stand up from and uh that meant that capital was going to flow in that direction we did that shit that was a choice but we decided it was the Japanese ball but anyway uh Michael D goes to Japan fights this guy who cut his partner's head off with a samurai sword and he's got him like an arm lock and then there's like a broken plank with a big spike coming up and there's a shot where like he looks at it and he looks at the guy and you think he's going to kill him but then it cuts to him bringing him into the uh police station and booking him even though it's Japan he'll probably get like five years uh anyway John McLain not even the warm blood of in the middle of a fight just flick brush. I would love to see that in one of these fucking Marvel movies, I shant be watching anime, no worries about that one, good boy, shall not, the boy, the lady is not for anime, as Margaret thatra said, the lady is not for anime. I haven't actually watched babylon Berlin yet, I feel like I probably should check that one out at some point, is it good? and Robocop 3 suck. PG13, no Peter Weller, fuck out of here. Robocop 2 though is a little underrated honestly, also very, very uh, present. It actually has the city of Detroit declared bankrupcy and sell itself to a corporation, which is essentially what has happened. Detroit literally declared bankrupcy, and I think the quicken company, Dan Gilbert's company essentially owns the middle, the center of Detroit, they own. all the buildings and they have a private police force. there's also a great uh little meta commentary about the nature of making sequels in that movie, so there's uh, so in Robocop 2, Robocop uh, he gets blown up in the line of duty and kind of taken offline and he's like, he's lost a step, he's he started turned into like a big pushover, and uh, ocb uh, ocp decides to do it. new Robocop, hey, people like the old one, they're sick of the old one, let's get a new Robocop, and so there's a very funny sequence where they show uh, all of the trial attempts to do a robocop by getting another cop who had been injured the way that Murphy had been, and then putting him in a robot suit, and first one they show is a guy who kind of looks like an ATM uh, kind of like Rolby the robot and and he just starts shooting, he says stop and I'll shoot and he starts shooting the um the lab assistants and then blows his head off. and then another guy comes out and he's got like the visor on and he just grabs his helmet and pulls it off and starts screaming and you see the top of his like bloody skull and then he dies and eventually they realize oh like murphy was a very specific special case is lightning in a bottle and not everybody is Murphy you cannot do it to a normal person and they ended up having to get uh cane the evil nuke dealer and creator played by the great Tom Nunon to be Robocop. to, because they needed a literal psychopath to do it, they needed a a heartless murderer to do it, i know you might say uh, but the cops, yes, yes, cop aganda, we all know, move on, and that is, and then he ends up literally opening fire on a roomful of reporters, just massacring the shit out of it, uh, it is definitely a warning about like, hey, you get what you pay for with a sequel. and yeah it's also could be said to talk about the nature of policing itself, like if if if policing is just the uh heartless uh enforcement of property rights and property rights need more and more brutal enforcement in an era of austerity then the person who does that job has to be uh a psycho, it's also the only sequel I think ever. where the title is said by a character in the movie, the the great dan Hurley who also played uh Conoral Cookrin in Halloween 3 uh introduces the psycho nuke addict Robocop 2 at a press conference by saying Robocop 2. I'm gonna rewatch Robocop 2 that movie is good. but obviously you don't need a sequel of rouble cop, roublecop is perfect, why is every movie PG13 now? because only kids go to movies, young people who still want to go out and do something go to movies, nobody else does that anymore, at least not the numbers you need to justify the fucking budgets, and the budgets have to be big because the returns have. to be big, i'm not doing a chapo episode on the crudes, i've never even seen the crudes, someone reminded me that the crudes actually have a netflix show so maybe the crudes never went away, but does anybody watch anything on Netflix? it's baffling to me, it seems like such a black box, i mean obviously people have netflix and they watch things on Netflix, but what they watch is not what they make in any kind of significant numbers, right? i mean, they're going to lose the office at the beginning of next year, how much of their viewership is just people watching the office and what are they going to replace it with? I do think the kids watch, I mean they probably watch a lot of kids shows because you know press the button. and have your kid get uh get distracted, but the whole thing seems like kind of a scam, i mean the fact that they are a publicly traded company and that their numbers are only internally generated and not released to the public? is that not essential? how is that different than mark-to-market accounting that happened under enron? maybe there is an independent uh uh entity that sees the numbers? but I don't know, is it true? I have no idea, it's interesting for me, but if there's a correction in the media space, uh, Netflix will probably get eaten by, I would guess Disney at this point, gonna be Disney plus Hulu Netflix versus Amazon, and then maybe those guys merge. at some point, i mean eventually they would, it's all internal to Netflix, they're publicly traded, how am i supposed to know what the value, how how how accurate that valuation is, if i don't know if anyone's watching the shit that they're paying billions of dollars of borrowed money to make, it's kind of crazy to me, but but I think that's true of all tech, I mean the entire tech economy, if you start asking these questions, the whole thing falls apart, because it only exists as a way to circulate capital, that's what we 2008, we recapitalized the economy by giving the richest people all of the money that they could possibly want, and then they said, here, use it, and you know, what are they going to do with it, they can only buy so many gold plated back scratchers, they have to invest it in something, and silicon valley exists to give them something to put their money in, that's it, it never. has to make money, it never has to generate a profit or become viable, it just has to be a thing to put money into so that they can create an economy around all those uh, all those corporate campuses and uh catered lunches and fousball tables and self-driving cars uh and and oh what's this? you've also created a giantly overheated california real estate market out of it too, all of that generated by this this uh this investment mechanism that is not actually designed to get anybody money back, it's only there to to circulate money of the economy, and what's insane is is that we could do that for regular people instead, we could do that 100% for regular people instead, but if we did that we would lose crucial coersive mechanisms at a time of declining profits. and investment opp and profitable investment opportunities and it's so sick because you see all right what if we do it one way what if we give all this money these motherfuckers, what do they make, they made silicon valley? what is silicon valley given us? what is it done to the physical reality of living in the area that it is geographically located at, and what is it done to our culture? it is poison it every sense, but it is preferable from those in power to give that money to people who will spend it in a way that can be predicted and founded upon and redowns to reinforce their power than in ways that might undermine their power. And yes, the whole end point of this is that is that as state structures and state capacity declines as it is and will continue to do. That capacity will be taken up by these concentrations of capital. Who have used that circulation of money through Silicon Valley to create not profits, but instruments of surveillance, instruments of technological control, drones, boston dynamics robits, pan opticon, social media and uh device Panopticon that will render resistance to the distribution of resources moot. 666 viewers baby. Hail satan, oh, I just lost four people, god damn it, it was cringe, I get it, I'm sorry, I apologize for the cringe, and you can't even say it's good, oh, it's created all these well-paying jobs, well, it's created a new class of rent'. your scumbags, but then below that you've created a bunch of people who are spending tons of their money in fucking rent that's just getting sucked sucked up to like existent uh uh power powers that be within the area like the landed the real estate money that then like buys off that segment of the ruling the local ruling class, the local bourgeois, to go along with the the greater project. and so you get just people who think they're happy but are miserable living in Guinney Pig uh Warrens sucking soilent while coding all day and then people who can no longer afford to live in those places being forced to move further and further away spend more and more of their time commuting uh if they can even find jobs. All right, uh, all right, so I'm going to be signing off for about a week, we'll be coming back a week later, before the new years, hopefully to talk about the last half of the first part of... the republic for which it stands uh finish the home chapter, it's gonna be good uh, hope everybody has a fine holiday in your respective uh quarantine zones, your tiers, your tier ones, your tier twos, your tier threes, you you poor bastards in tier four, uh, tier two uh, eat tier mama tom tiern uh tier one import