 It's a dead man's party. Who could ask one more, it's about dead man's party, leave your party at the door, your body at the door, it's a dead man's party, could ask for more, it's a dead man's party leave. your body and soul at the door, man's party, ask for more, it's the dead man's body, leave your body and soul at the door. hi folks, so recession gna happen very shortly, so let everyone know obviously, it's pretty clear, uh, if it happens before November, Katie bar the door, when we look at those mid-terms, holy shit, uh, all that, oh, Roe versus way, is gonna energize the democrats, good fucking luck, uh, it's going to be a blood bath if that happens, we'll see, obviously I don't predict things anymore, but this... crypto trap crash certainly feels like a uh a tremor, fact that like Amazon has has been sliding into the oblivion for the last month uh, i mean it was inevitable right, the question really is is can the sort of uh you know large scale uh of monetary intervention that they did in March of 2020 uh work again or can you only? hit that uh button once uh if not then we're in for some very interesting times to say the least uh but who knows i like i said i i economics not a strong suit like brednev you know it's like i'm not really the economics i'm not too strong on the ideology yeah i'll talk about that all day but anyway um that's why i have I cannot uh, that's why I never invested in any crypto, uh, that's why it has nothing to do with morality uh, so much as I have no idea how to do it or uh, how to do it in such a way that uh, wouldn't destroy me. I all I know is every time I go to Vegas I try to do a three-team parley and like football, if I'm there during the season so that I can, you know, hey, maybe a little cash, and every time. I've done it, not only do I lose the parley, which is not that hard because you only need one of the teams that you pick to lose, but I got it perfectly wrong, like if I had picked the opposite of what I thought was going to happen, I would have won, if there's a way for me, I guess that's what hedge funds are for, but you got to already be a billionaire for that to work. Yeah, it is, it's interesting because you know, if it happens, again, I'm not predicting, I'm now saying if, the real question is, can the print money button still work in that context, in a context where inflation is actually happening for the first time in 40 years, and you can talk about why inflation is happening, uh, but it's pretty clearly happening, and even if most of it is exogenous. uh and it's clearly not based on any like specific American policy because it's happening everywhere like that's what's so funny about the I mean obviously it works because people are dumb but just like trying to trying to raz poor brandon over uh inflation when it is happening everywhere is is is not very fair and you know. that what we've been talking about on this stream for years now oh my god years now is the uh is the fact that like the the weird stasis we're in is being held together by a uh a economic status quo that even though it is steady and slow the word is emiseration, the emiseration is steady and and down, steady and slow, i mean if anything you'd have to see like a private sector bank bailout, like an actual attempt to do some sort of like corporate uh based debt jubilee or something like that, it would have to be corporate based because there's no way in hell the the government could uh be expected to pass anything anymore. That's by design, like the the thing uh, obviously we know that the wealthy rule, right, and that they dominate politics and determine what is acceptable policy, but like the real tool at this point uh, is less like a specific uh proposals, specific policies benefiting specific industries, as it is uh, the effect that money has to make anything other than the... routine corruption of bribed legislators operating on behalf of their patrons go through, but that means that in a time of crisis you can't do anything, except what they've been doing, which is the stuff that doesn't require legislation, like fed policy, so everyone is, everyone has to wonder like, hey, the bad news is, you know, we might be seeing this deadlock breakup. uh, the good news though, it's not like uh, anyone was enjoying themselves, you know, like that is, we get addicted to our misery, you know, and it makes us scared of anything else, because we can only imagine it being worse, but you know, fluidity kind of uh, by definition uh, includes a range of possibilities. and uh, you can't say anything else than that without doing the thing I was talking about, which is talking yourself into paralysis. I don't, we'll see, where we're going, we won't need roads. Uh, so I did this stream mainly to announce that yes, I've decided just in time, maybe for. uh for global capitalism to enter into its per uh uh its terminal swandive again not predicting this is all just in the air and it might be for the rest of our lives who the fuck knows uh that we're going to read for the book club uh the leo Panich and Sam Grinden classic making of global capitalism. and we'll do for the first for next Friday and I did this to give a little bit of like extra time for anybody to get the book or whatever. Next Friday I'll talk about the intro and the first chapter and then we'll figure out after that uh like what pace to go at after I kind of see you how how long it is. I sadly do not have the book I had to get it with the the e- version. which i i appreciate the convenience of, but we'll never fully enjoy, like if I'm reading on my phone, even though I'm reading a book, which you know is the thing that is better, always and every time, better than being on the internet, it still feels like I'm on the fucking internet. I think I might have a follow up if we're still streaming you know if everything hasn't fallen apart uh I think after this book we might do a book that I do have a copy of a physical copy first class passengers on a sinking ship by Richard Lochman which I think will also be very appropriate. Yes, you should be revolted. I mean, even with the e-readers though, and I, I've had the ereders, it still feels like uh, like I'm having the infernal demon stare into my soul instead of you know the contained and and uh long form expression of a human mind, which is what a book is. but one way or another we're all going to have to find God to deal with this, that's what I really do believe, broadly defined, and uh, and syncretic. and uh and dialectical, which is why i i have absolutely no truck with uh neotraditionalists with people trying to bring back the old religion, to me that is a sign that you kind of recognize, it's the same thing as and it's not surprising a lot of the same people, it's the same psychic phenomena as the people who decided, oh the problem with the reason we're here, i thought the problem was uh you know we got these bad republicans and then we've got these ineffect I should say a consumer base is a more effective is is a hypothetical uh device to challenge power and then we've all found out last five years uh no, I mean it never was, we lost that opportunity a long time ago, but every generation has to discover it anew for themselves, because they will never be convinced by past events that they didn't experience, because of the motivated reasoning that goes into our political considerations. we can have all the jaded uh veterans insist to us that no, this is all a dead end, none of this can work, but the alternative to that means if you want to do politics you have to challenge the state with your body, coming to existential conflict with power. which is a terrifying prospect that most people, not their fault, not because they're pussies or sellouts or actually reactionary, because the human fucking beings uh are going to prefer, and so if that possibility exists to organized legally, within the framework of the state for change in a way that feels meaningful, you're going to take it, and so there was nowhere else that this youth energy was going to go than into electoral politics, that is one of the... people were by 2008, only very few of them are ever going to want to do the work of entering a cadre organization and go through political training and and undergo the discipline of like a leninist party, because it's fucking boring, because it's tedious, they would rather do something else, and the prospect therefore of voting for a candidate in a major party. that you can imagine actually winning an election is going to be more appealing to once again regular people and those people who are in the cadres, it doesn't make them better, some of them are better, some of them are political holy warriors, john browns of our age, god bless them, but a lot of them are just neurotic in a specific way that just manifest itself in a political obsessiveness, so there is no way that that 2008 that like or the... was ever going to put some revolutionary uh uh position into existence? we were two, yes, the uh, the crash destroyed like any hope hope of generational advancement, but in the here and now there is still benefits to be uh, to be gained as a totally uprooted subject, somebody who cannot fend for themselves, the prospect of living outside of systems of capitalism and and the culture of capitalism, and so therefore are addicted to it in in a significant way, and so they're going to find a way to change things that doesn't put them in a jackpot, so they're going to vote in elections. It was going to be some kind of left challenge to Hillary however it was conceived of uh, but like now the experience of it failing has made people have to come to that crossroads and look down and be like, okay, so what is political action, what is political subjectivity, with this new knowledge, this knowledge of a thing that was always true, that others from a previous generations had experienced, but that we all had to experience for ourselves in order to be disabused of. "we have to have the experience of it, we have have to have the memory of doing a thing and having it fail, and and remembering it has it happened, as opposed to looking backward at something that happened to other people, and a lot of people realize, oh this democratic party is is a uh is a totally useless vessel, it can't be uh, it cannot generate class power, well as again that brings you back to square one, okay, if the legal method." brings us to the imperative to be illegal and nobody wants to do it, so of course some people are going to squint at the republican party, and because they have not experienced being inside the republican party, they have not experienced how culture in interacts with uh with capital to guarantee that all the base no matter what their you know uh beliefs are about discrete issues, be it medicare for all or anything else, are always going to be directed towards the ends of concentrated capital, they cannot be organized. uh orthogonally to it, any more than they can at the Democratic party, but if you haven't had that experience, get on the ride again, do it again, trade bernie Sanders for Josh Halley, trade Aoc for JD vance, or if you're super edgy MTG and then have the same. experience again being comforted the whole time that your sterile engagement in a political spectacle is meaningful political action. a lot of the people who are having that experience are being having experienced uh the the dead end of of materialist capitalism, the dead end of like a secular world that... agrees collectively that only the material is real, that there is no agreed upon framework for conceptualizing uh the invisible but real uh interconnectedness of beings otherwise known as God, without that framework we just... dig monstrous, we just build statues to ourselves uh, and they crumble immediately, because they're made out of shit, because we're we are, we're turning inward, we're uh, hurting those around us and then using that hurt that we experience from others to justify our behavior towards them, and then just making a life that just uh, manufact, just is b' shit, buying literal refuse, buying feces, and then stacking it into different shapes, that's they've experience that, and they're like, no, thank you, but what do they want to replace it with, the exact same steril structures of power serving, religious authority that brought about this moment, that brought about this new reality. Now again what I'm talking about, this is a fraction of people that is much magnified by being on the internet, it's it's it's it's not uh a politically significant force uh, in fact it's it's it's going to be it's going to find itself to be politically much less powerful within the Republican Party even than the left quote unquote is within the democrats, but will have a similar long-term effect on the republican's actual agenda uh which is basically nothing and the reason for that is that it doesn't matter what anyone's discrete opinion on any issue is. only way that they can express their belief on on any opinion, their opinion on any issue, and the only way that they can stack different issue preferences in order of importance to determine what to do, is to pick between the democrats and republicans, and the Democratic and republican parties make policy according to... to organized um interest, not disorganized interest, and 880 million Americans with just a a pringle tube worth of votes contributing to the election of a bunch of people who are spending every day and whose election was only possible with the conivance and acceptance of a class of people who are fully... because you can say, oh, look, all these people believe in this stuff, and we can run someone who says they believe in this stuff, well, even if you can beat the person who's going to just press the culture button, which at this point is much more uh, central to people's political identity, they get in, their uh, their position as minority will neutralize them, but yes, we can't uh, the Catholic Church, Catholic Church has been the un uh, the catholic church is the Catholic Church is power in Italy, Spain, Ireland has never really been challenged, it's been shaved down over the years, but the cultural influence of the Catholic Church and it's though that influences in uh reinforcement in like state structures. in the Mediterranean is still uh potent and has only recently even began to really decline and yet those countries no one believes in fucking god and it it is being under the rule into modernity of a power serving political uh religious structure that has made them uh uh discarded not their... not even their uh their narcissism necessarily, their experience of the uh of the church, and those guys have the same birth rate problems that we do, and and then you got a guy like Urban, yeah, he he says awesome based stuff about uh Soros, but his government is literally just about... taking eu subsidies and dumping them into the hands of his patriage network, and if you have religion being supporting these sort of cynical, neoliberal, sorry, you're not escaping it this way, political structures, it will only breed cynicism, it won't breed belief in anything. man, somebody's talking about India, India scares me, I got to say that was uh, I think we talked about this when we talked about um, ministry for the future, by the way, the first chapter of the ministry for the future, the the 20 million dead heat wave in India, uh, we're getting like a stage. for that right now, which is very terrifying, i mean it's only fucking may, and it's 120 degrees, uh, we're getting near that wet bulb number that we're all terrified to think of, and of course in mystery of the future, uh, that leads to this new like global commitment to uh, to ending uh... and also leads to the overthrow of BJP in India that like the Hindu thing is discredited and overthrown and I got to say in the world we live in seems much more likely that continued climate crisis in India is going to lead to a full-scale uh uh genocide against the muslims there. because who are you going to be matter at about you know it being 100 degree 120 degrees every day your family member your older family members dying who are you going to be matter at who are you going to be more visserally angry out if that happens what the global north or or your prime ministers or somebody who you can hit right now somebody that you can lay hands on. because if we understand politics to be about exp like yes, it's about seeking an interest, but that interest is defined by a libidnal drive, like uh, socialism is supposed to align those, so that your your will to power and your libido. is aligned with the broader project of overthrowing capitalism and we did have like that alignment did occur in places and places in America and times, but it's unstable and it was defeated over... and over again, and now it barely exists anywhere. I mean, India is a place that does have a like a huge communist party, but also because it's a gigantic fucking country, and there's the BJP is bigger, because voting is one act that feels good to do, but the less comfortable you are, the less satisfying that. vote is or the of your urges, the more you want to do something else, something additional, and the thing you're going to want to do, it's going to involve conflict with someone, the attempt to overthrow and to dominate somebody, and I say, if you, if you're if your outrage at your life conditions, immediately transfers into a rage at capital and its representatives, then that urge to do violence one way or the other, can be directed. productively, but if you don't have that framework, that heuristic for processing your pain, then whoever, then who you're going to blame for it is going to come after the the uh, is going to come after, the more important question of who can I take this out on, and that's that's at this stage, that is what we have turned people into. So yeah, we're having a fun time tonight, as I said, this is all terrifying, but also the present is terrifying, you know, the only thing. this really changes is your ability to uh imagine the continuation of your specific uh and uh and comfortable misery, but discomfort leads to a bunch of things uh, and it's the fear we will, I think I mean, I'm I'm talking about myself here, but I think what often happens is that we we, we basically uh identify discomfort and make it identical to uh annihilation. because we are so addicted to the narrow, the few comforts we can stack together, but there will be, but discomfort can come with it, greater satisfaction then the meger uh things you can scrape together by trying to stay on the beam and that's why we must always function at the end of the day we are all uh required not by some transcendent moral obligation but by by actual self-interest fully considered to be optimists because optimism requires action requires interact. requires vulnerability, exchange, love, and those things, regardless of your material conditions, enrich your life in a way that can't be found in the uh, in the isolated life of someone who's feels spiritually castrated. and that means that if the terrible thing does happen, the terrible thing that we're all that we all can't even speak of, not some uh swift apocalypse as i said that would be a that would be blessing, rather a a uh a mid-20th century vibe, let's put it that way, a early 17th century European vibe or early 17th century worldwide vibe, i should say since this is sort of a a replay of the crisis of the 17th century in a lot of ways, you'll be actually able to deal with it, even if it destroys you, it will destroy you only physically, which is inevitable for us anyway, which is built in, but we will meet that death with purpose, which is all that we're ever seeking. I think that uh, if anyone saw the Northman, I think that that uh, it's a great film and and it's very good at showing the alien psychology of the pre-modern world, and and by doing so... shows something that we do not understand, which is to live with a socially reinforced, fully committed to existentially, spiritually uh grounded and incontestable purpose. we will all die anyway as the most hollow sentiment when being asked to ground be grounded to meat for capital, that is: not what i'm talking about, what are you talk, what are you talking about? i'm talking about uh, adapting to changing conditions by decoupling oneself from the treadmill of uh of narrow short-term uh uh sensory satisfaction which is what is going to grind you into capital because what capitalism is and the thing that makes it different is that it is fundamentally it existentially self-enforcing in a way that no previous economic order ever was, thanks to technologies intervention into the dynamic of class rule, the coersion that formerly resided largely in alienated social structures, institutions and literally people, is now internalized, and it is fear of... death because of our lack of faith that keeps us compliant. what i'm saying is that the fact of death that it is inevitable means that the task of coming to terms with it is not is not optional. you cannot not confront it. the treadmill we're talking about that keeps you on, one foot in front of the other uh necessitates a project of continually avoiding. so yeah, we're all gonna die anyway is how you stop allowing yourself and all all of us allowing ourselves from being ground up because What's the worst that can happen? and if that's it, and you can find a symbolic language to carry the knowledge around with you that death isn't you, the end of anything, that that you know you're basically a ghost already. then the end of uh you know the narrow band of pleasure that we're allowed is not the end of the world as we imagine it now, because a life without pleasures, material pleasures is by avoiding, like oh, I mean, without those things we can't avoid anymore. We can't avoid having to confront it, and once again I'm speaking for myself, but like as long as I had a a pleasure in front of me or more realistically, the prospect of a pleasure in front of me, uh, I could think about that pursuit, I did not have to sit. with the emptiness that modern life creates, because here's the thing, if you sit with it long enough, it fills up, because empty is the same thing as full, right? if nothing means anything, then everything means everything. that might sound like gibrish, but i really do believe it, and i think that's that is what you end up. with in in silence, which is what we all seek to avoid, because we're scared of the emptiness, and so scared that we would rather spend the brief time we have avoiding it than grappling with it, and like that's what the phones have done for us, there's no time left that you have to just be with yourself, you you can spend your entire day and a god knows I did. for years, never having to be with yourself, to be able to to follow a a breadcrumb trail of of desire away from. your center, but the thing is, if you spend enough time with it, it there is a transformation. now the problem is, for you that that knowledge to be translated into action, it has to be socially reinforced and reflected, which is what we have destroyed, those structures don't exist anymore, so instead like those previous people who just walked around with purpose, like they couldn't avoid it, like in Northman, he he's runs away from and he's like... hanging out with berserkers, doing raids, and he's avoiding, you know, the the v he made to his his father, and then he is, he's fucking shaman pops up, burrk shows up, which is his repressed self-conscious saying, hey, get back on the fucking uh, path, idiot, which is a voice we all feel and hear, but we cannot manifest it, it can only be this the coffenous, modern stream of consciousness, not be uh alienated into like the thing that the voice that we need to hear, which is a voice from outside, because any voice that we know is our own, we also know where its interests lie, and we know that it is self-serving and so that we can second guess it and then spend our time neutralizing it, this isn't like the first act of the movie, i don't think this is really a spoiler, also it's based on amalet, it's already out there, aka hamlet, happens in hamlet, come on, uh, yes, he was high on mushrooms, he didn't know it that that made you high, he doesn't know what high means, what are you fucking talking about, it just thinks it's, why would one mushroom just you eat, and why would one mushroom poison you, and why would one mushroom make you see bjork? i'm saying is that his brain is is un. uh mediated in a way ours isn't, which means that he can have a confrontation in the form of uh borke with his subconscious. now of course, his destiny, the thing he should be doing, is not a good thing that someone should do, he's offered the choice to you, choose love, and he doesn't choose it, because he was acculturated into a savage warrior society that murdered and pirated and that wanted to create. people would murder and pirate, but once he's back on the path, he uh loses the the onx that he had had and he just hurdles towards this annihilation that fulfills his destiny. once again, spoiler alert, but as I said, Hamlet. And this is why I'm with Marx that we cannot do what Grab grow want us to do and just will ourselves into a different mind space because the culture we're in conditions us at such a level that yes the uh the basic like communion with the universe that we all feel was in Viking society transmitted into this kill command. but because it was socially reinforced, because it was uh, is uh, you know, imprinted a very young age, like the the the initiation scene, where him and his dad go into the cave and and and roll around, uh, he can't challenge that, that is deeper than anything else, it has to be changed, not in his lifetime, but over lifetimes. new social arrangements have to be built that create different understandings of the world to confuse our sympathetic nervous systems connection to the universe with a practice of love. what do you mean Northman is not real history? of course not, it's the myth they told each other. and we know it worked, they fucking conquered, what, they they just took over northern France, and the French just said, here, we'll give it to you, don't stop stabbing us, they took Sicily, they took it away for the mours, took it away for the burbers, ran Ireland and England for a while, considering that it's the asshole. of nowhere, it's a lot of fucking uh porpus fuckers, that is an effective regime of coercing consent. not through force, but through social reality. we all live in social realities that do that work. now it can work one way in a plunder society where all of the males are able to uh avoid being or feeling exploited within their social structure by acquiring uh from others by expressing violence outward. but a contained social order, the modern social orders we have now, for example, they can't do that, social reality changes because changes have material reality. modernity creates a condition where a universal subjectivity can be kept in your head, and we all have it to one extent or another, like racist of course, think, oh, look, look at me and my, look at my filum of humanity, look at how i've all got them laid out according to happlow group and and their worthiness according to that, that's all cop, that's all them trying to draw back something that they cannot fully dispossess themselves of, which is a notion of a human subjectivity, eyes looking back at you, and that is that globalized, networks of economic extraction were necessary to build that cosmopolitan social relations in a de in a secularized context, that is, a place where sectarian religious uh worlds could be dissolved was necessary, those those those isolated religious worlds had to dissolve, the fight for the working class was was the spiritual project that was supposed to reuwaken them and reform them, and if it did maintained itself, if it had maintained its forward momentum it would have, but as soon as it began to uh uh retreat from conflict with capital into accomodation within it uh, it's the spiritual project died or began to die, once again, this takes generations to occur. but yeah we're all going to meet in the in the in the sweet by and by anyway, no matter what's on the horizon, we all have to still live, and we should live in a way that allows us to atune our desire for purpose with uh with our love of others. and that means abandoning politics as a uh release valve as a as a spectacle and reformulating it as a as a daily act, because that means that no matter what discomforts, dis uh, dissolution. and danger come, that purpose will uh, what it will do is will, it will tell you what to do in the moment, and I think that's the thing that scares us about this is that we we have we have made peace with our lives as they are, and we know how to respond to the questions that we are asked every day. to press a lever, yes or no, to avoid the worst and to get the better, to avoid the electric shock in the skinner box and to get the pelot, we know what answers to give, the thing we're scared of about different arrangement more than anything is that we won't know what to do, we won't know which door to go through, and felt purpose, pursued purpose as opposed to felt and pursued uh uh rejection. distraction uh from that purpose that comes from listening to the to the void within, listening and waiting for it to fill. cuts through the paralysis that makes us so afraid to leave our comfort zone, and even now, even if things stay where they are, stay stay static, the pursuit of purpose like that can make it so that maybe the questions that were so soothing because they only had one answer, all of a sudden another answer becomes possible, another answer becomes pursuable uh, and then we break our relationship to our lives away from being fully dominated as we are now, so yeah, i mean while while we're all uh waiting. with fear and trembling, uh, we can take the time we do have to try to listen to try to sit with ourselves and see what arises, because we've been robbed of a uh, of a common symbolic language to make sense. of that we can't,'s not going to pop up uh, but that doesn't mean that we cannot because of our own experiences in life uh, find something that works for us in the moment, and that then we can then use for future action. This is, my chair is good, I have a new chair, it's got a back, so I'm not, I'm not tipping on this bench, so very comfortable now, Here's the thing, if if if Burk shows up and you think that if you think, oh, that's Bjork, that's my subconscious telling me what I should be doing, then if what it's telling you you should be doing is scary, you'll never do it, until forced to by outside actions, you'll never initiate progress towards it, you got to think the Burk is different, you got to think. is is somebody else, you got to think it's it comes from something else, and I think even like the most uh, you now uh, universalist, mushi, new-age conception of God can have that in it, because if we do accept the notion that you, God is everything, and we are connected to them because of our uh, you know, our role as a single, you know, pink into a uh... like a giant night sky of of god eyes or or like that we're all any any hippy bullshit you want to fucking uh used to describe it, well facets on a diamond or something like that, then there is still a that is a connection to something that is so vastly beyond our ability to conceive of, but that we still interact with at a visceral cellular level that is also too vast for us to interact with. like how much of our mind is doing stuff without us knowing it and has to, because if we had to pay attention to it all we wouldn't be able to do any of it, that information is there, this is what we're talking about when you talk about subconscious, so it's not just our subconscious, it is a beam from a greater, a higher consciousness, a higher being and its orders can direct us with that same certainty, even if we know that it's just our minds, because we know that even that is not just us, because we're not in our heads alone, there is no uh, yeah, the self is obviously an illusion, i mean you are just the accumulation of what you have encountered, symbols have power to you because you have seen them reinforce otherwise. and your definition of terms is entirely embedded in the context that you've encountered them. which is why everything ends up conscious politics ends up being the sterile conflict between these uh fake binaries because they can only see the reflection in the mirror and try to punch it, that's all politics can be, absent a material imperative. but again this is not a process that is going to happen because some asshole you know writes a book about it or or starts an app, it's going to happen because people in their millions and billions are going to have to by necessity address their relationship to their lives. now they're not all going to do it and they're not going to do it at the same time and in the same way. but some of them are, you might be one of them, and even if it all comes to nothing and we're all swallowed by the sea, your end will have had meaning, which will have meant that you will have been redeeemed in the fight, and that's all that we can seek, because anything else that we seek is a delay of an invitable, of an inevitable reckoning with the fall from uh, from material embodiment to disembodyment to the end of the body, and that means it's going to be people coming to these realizations individually, in the greater project of trying to survive. It was well conceived in theory, but it doesn't work in life, comrad, has to wonder, is it even worth the effort? If you're ever less incertain about the world, please don't let this worry, get your way into your world. and if you would stick up for me in the face of great adversity, know that i would do it all the same, for it was well conceived in theory, but it doesn't work in life, me, i will not write it off, not ever having tried, um, what's up? in Sri Lanka, I mean the future, Mr. Gits, happening now, you know, like, you don't really have to do a lot of, I, I used to be an idiot and think, oh man, I hope I don't die, well things are still going to going down, because how am i going to know what's going to happen, it's like, you can figure it out, man, all you got to do is look around you and just imagine what is happening in some places happening in others, somebody say? is children of man the best film of that decade? uh, I mean, I absolutely think so, and one of the best films of the 21st century. Uh, I saw that film in the theater, and I uh, I was at the end of it absolutely like stunned, and I cried and I was shaking, because I felt like I had seen like the future, and I knew in my heart that I was not going to do anything about it, that I wasn't going to be able to meaningfully address it because... of my deeper knowledge that it was unavoidable and of course you know it shows that uh the value of of art cannot be reduced to its political utility because like i said i saw this movie it it cracked me open did it make me into some sort of uh political jihadists sacrificed for the greater good no i i myself uh following the the the electoral politics breadcrumb trail and the uh the emotive internet uh political culture, bread crumb trail just like everybody else, including tons of people who saw that movie, all that art can do is provide like a single brick in a wall of life experience that will eventually come to a point, will eventually be turn into something that can be uh, Yeah, somebody says that the master is like the ultimate movie about America, certainly post-war America, uh, like. if you think of that movie as in a as a way as like as as the post war American male psychy trying to uh assimilate the trauma that it had just experienced in a culture that refused to allow that to happen, a culture that said, okay, i know that happened to you guys, that's a real bummer, but now that's over, come back to America, live like you're a normal person. like that didn't happen to you, and then you have this psych, this schizoprenic split that occurs, between you have the person who has who uh, in response to that trauma decides to become entirely mind. entirely rationality or or some pseudo version of of mastery of of of the carnel and the person and the and the uh the the uh the rampaging and unleash libido and the the uh this the spirit sort of chased out of the body and the whole movie is this you know this lock this this binary star system between these two who just can't stop wanting to be near each other even though... they uh can't stay together uh just like the uh the fractured post-war mind held together but in this state of uh of constant polarized uh excitement. i stopped logging movies on letterbox just because i don't know. box was kind of bumming me out the whole culture over there and i felt like i had i was doing a one of these awful websites to be on is enough so says imagine how much worse it was in Europe? well in Europe one way or the other they got to confront the trauma because they couldn't escape it, it was their fucking, it was their fucking uh countries, and that's one of the reasons that politics there uh, you know, maintained its vigor. someone says their coworkers want to get into NFTs, I guess they want to buy the dip. Good luck, that's all I can say, yeah, somebody's asking about American bulconization, it's not going to be state by state, once again, I i don't know. "if it happens, I doubt it would be states by states, civil war style, it would be, it would be, it would be archipelagos of urbanity and in seas of uh of uh exurban uh reaction, and you have different local regimes in power there, enforcing different social uh rules serviced by you know uh a single largely privatized uh Supply chain. and like there'd be you know there would be places that you could get like a whole uh zone of control across geography, but a lot of it would be, serious style. i just think that's way more likely than uh like fascism from the center, but you know hey, i've been wrong before, certainly we'll see. uh somebody asked about the American Carnation revolution, I know that I've joked about that before, uh, I don't actually. think that's terribly likely, but I got to say, this this thing with the uh Texas national Guard uh trying to unionize is pretty interesting, uh, I that's unprecedented, that's another thing that's never happened before, I mean, obviously it's not a huge movement, but you know it shows that uh, that you cannot assume the uh, the uh solidarity, the the total internal solidarity of all these structures of power, and if you can't then you know opportunities open up certainly. I mean I'm not saying like that's going to mean anything, probably won't, it's just interesting, because you know what happened was is that uh, as an election uh stunt uh, the governor uh, governor hotheels, what's his name? uh Greg Abbot sent a bunch of national guards me up on very short notice to the secure the border and they just stood around, it was a total photo up, and they got pissed, they got pissed to just arbitrarily be sent there and and told to do that, and you know, you, I think that uh, when you look at this kind of question uh, too schematically, you think, oh, Texas national gardsman being told to go to defend the border, they were probably siked, they were probably uh doing chance. marching in and jackboot unison to to carry out their white supremacist power fantasy, some of them might have been, but a lot of them were guys who were like, hey, i got to cancel my barbecue or like i can't go in to work, and now i got to stand around in a fucking field like an asshole, and that will have the effect of dettaching people from these uh, you know, these uh ties of of like cultural affinity. Oh man, somebody wants to know more about Fort Brag uh, we're going to do an episode soon a deep dive about Fort Brag, holy fuck man, seriously, the fact that it's the goddamn headquarters of goddamn jsock, it's like what the fuck, now of course it could just be, yeah, that's what the US military does, you put enough military guys together and certainly enough special operators and they will eat themselves. like the the the concentrated psychic poison in a place like that cannot it's going to go places, but I would say that in addition to just the general you know uh uh cannibalistic vibe that a place like that probably curates, there's at the very least significant drug and arms and maybe human trafficking going on there. now that could all just be the kind of organized crime you would imagine to see in a city full of... armed dudes who are getting paid government salaries and it's happening under the brass's eyes without their under knowledge, that's probably some of it, but again, we know for a fact that any significant or organized crime organization in the world has ties to the US uh you know deep state intelligence community, that's not conspiracy theory, that's not. paranoia, that's fact, you know, like it's it's you don't even have to go back to air America or the fucking uh uh or operation gladio or any of that shit, we know, we have it pretty well confirm that the deA or that the CIA and elements within the deA, not only created the zetas, and you can say once again, oh those guys got their training and then turned on them, okay fine, whatever, they still trained them, they still were in contact with them, but also uh supported with like intelligence the sinaloa cartel in its war with them. the amount of the access to uh un unlimited basically and un traceable funds provided by organized crime and also the uh the guarantee of loyalty that you have with an organized crime organization uh is completely unprecedented, you can't buy it elsewhere. if you're working as a guy, if you're working with with an organized crime group, you do not have to worry about them uh betraying you to the comp because you know for a fact that what they cared about was money so as long as you're paying the most and uncle Sam always has the deepest pockets you're assured of their loyalty so if there's a fucking uh if there's any kind of heavy duty. I would say that it's likely all those things are happening at once, you've got just the regular domestic violence that happens when you have a bunch of troops together in one place been traumatized by war, then you add to that uh, just the ambient. uh aggression spilling out uh and also people just doing low level organized crime and then there's probably some people there who are doing like real you know uh fucking iran contra style shit like move and weight and it's all probably happening the same time and everyone covering for each other that there was a one person whose guy, one troop whose body was found in his bunk in an advanced state of decomposition, are you fucking kidding me? guy want beheaded by other troops on a camping trip. Damn near, damn near behind every beyond everything ed Tom, damn near beyond everything. Yeah, I heard that Trump wanted to bomb Mexico, of course he did, buse he doesn't know, he doesn't know about the deal, he doesn't know that, because this is how this is how it works is that you've got people on the political side who genuinely think we're at warnt with there's a war on drugs that we are pursuing towards an end, and then there are people who work there every day. and whose jobs don't depend on elections, who are uh informed of the deeper reality that this stuff is permanent fixture of the world economy, we couldn't get rid of it if we wanted to, and we don't want to, my god, oh, tons of untraceable cash, we get to arm, reliably right-wing forces in countries that we're exploiting colonialy, and we get to flood are deindustrialized urban and rural areas with pacific pacifying drugs that also might have the effect of uh knocking off some of that surplus welfare population where is the downside oh and justify giant military and police budgets federally and state and incarceration where is this and where is anywhere in this a disincentive? where is there any disincentive from somebody who do depend on elections, uh, to want to end this, if they could it again, even if everyone was aligned in the government, you know what, fuck that, we're ending, we're uh ending this shit, it wouldn't even work, it wouldn't happen, and it's that knowledge that persists, and what you had during the Trump presidency was Trump was just in there like a little kid uh, in a helicopter moving all the bells and whistles and moving all the fucking... buttons according to his id, his unstructured political desires, which were just shit he'd seen on tv, the opinions of an actual grumpy old republican. ah, these drug cartels, what do we just kill them all? let's let's just kill these guys, it's like, uh-huh, yeah, very nice, uh, no, you can't do that. Yeah, the worst thing to happen, and it was totally inevitable though, uh, the worst thing to happen popular politically is is. for this concept of the deep state to be branded uh in association with the Republicans and of course there's a bunch of morans who then think okay now I got to support uh the Republicans because you know they've got this folk conception of the deep state that is more accurate than the liberal fantasy of deliberative government, but their version of it is this inevitably right-wing fantasy that is just the the er the er uh anxiety of of fascism, the other, the alien other, perverting our institutions from inside, it's an it's always ends up being antisemitism because there has to be someone to blame, what what what the left offers is a systemic critique that eliminates blame and eliminates the need to assign blank allows you to identify systems and points within systems to attack. collectively, and you know, people can say, oh, this is that piece of popular culture, this or that political project is a s, it's a fed, alex Jones is a fed or whatever, maybe, but I can. see how it happens naturally or naturally just as an outcome of of capitalist alienation, the the the subsumption of all politics in narrative spectacle and what we what we absorb narratively, we have a folk understanding that people are in charge of things of events, that systems are invisible in our telling of our lives and our world to ourselves. what we read in the newspaper, what we see on television, what we see in movies, they all tell us that that structures are secondary to the wills of the people within them, and so that means that our uh, when things go bad, our ability to explain to ourselves what's going bad requires a cast of specific villains and only conservativism, specifically uh, you know, fascism, uh, conservativism in crisis, bourgeois, liberalism in crisis, the whole system in crisis, uh, can offer that liberalism offers another version of bad guys, white male millionaires, white male rich guys, that's why their solution is, oh diversify power, and of course that's that's not going to get there anymore than uh than your fucking que trials would. "the left alternative to both of those is a systemic critique, which is gone, it was there in glimmers, it had to be expressed largely through the democratic party, so it was uh baffled, it had to contend with a culture that was personalized, but it was there, it was, it was a voice, it was an echo, and now it's been quieted. All right, so that's today's next Friday we'll be doing introduction and chapter one of panich and Gidlin's, the rise of global capitalism. That's right, folks, we love it when capitalism rises in a global fashion, since we're now perhaps living in its decline, no, no, perhaps about it, we're definitely living in its decline uh, just where in the phase is the only real question. All right, Take it sleezy, next Friday, talk to you then.