 It's my party and I'll cry if I want to, cry if I want to, cry if I want to, but you would cry too, if it happened. too, nobody knows where my Johnny has, johnny has gone um for a while, why was he holding her hand when she's supposed to be wrong line, i forgot it, what's the name of this one, oh yeah, it's my a party and i'll cry if i want to, cry if i want to, cry if i want to, you would cry to, if it happened to you, she wore blue velvet, bomb boom, bluer than velvet were her eyes, and i still... can see blue velvet in her eyes, hey folks, who the fuck is this asshole? very good question, i'm sorry, was there a uh, was there a game ball happening that i interrupted? i'm sorry, i'm sorry i interrupted your Nerd festival. so yeah, the only gaming we're going to be doing today is gaming the human brain, we're going to be hacking its neurons and unleashing and dumping into the ether, it's secret treasures and candies, we Montreal is not sold out, we just said that because the stupid tricket master wasn't working for a while and people assume that. It's not, buy the stupid tickets, you freakin knucks, you fucking Putin eating motherfuckers, I don't, we might not sell any tickets in Canada, I don't, I never understand why anybody outside of America listens to the show, honestly, I mean it's just sick, so whatever, I don't care, I'll just eat Putin on the stage alone. the sack ray blue indeed, i do love that about uh french canadians that because they're kind of uh stuck in the cultural model that prevailed in the 1700s when they got uh taken away from france and became imp uh british subjects that all of their swear words are directly related to the catholic church. like if people were still getting scandalized uh in English by saying consarnet or zounds Babanak and I guess that's what happens when you get uh when you get you go from being a... culture to a subservient one is uh that the uh organic sort of development gets arrested because you're no longer have access to the uh the proteins, the the the resources, the cultural material resources that uh develop a culture, which is why they had to have that quiet revolution, and then also had to have the uh emergency where French Canadians are running around fucking murking uh state premiers. Am I a kebekwaa separatist? Oh my god, get over it. I did not understand at this late date what the hell people are trying to get a nation national sovereignty for, what what national sovereignty exists at this point for for I mean among the country when you when you look at like the western separatist movements, scots, catalans, what, you're just signing, you're already subservient, you're already part of a supernatural, supernatul thing, it's just resentment at this point, it's just you're not getting over the past, that's essentially what it is, it's it's just bad sportsmanship, like move on, we're all subject to the dollar for now, and that is the fucking uh national imperial structure that we're within, you want like different colored passports? I mean you get this they make you speak French in Quebec for the most part right like they don't they take that shit seriously so they get to speak their precious language I mean honestly uh Canadians tell me the truth here if Quebec did separate from Canada and became an independent country would not the biggest uh policy change rought by that simply be that they would would have much much stricter immigration standards than current Canada? wouldn't that just be it? realistically? what else different would they do? but i guess you can say that's the point like if you're going to have a nation that means preserving a certain national character and it's like... Yeah, it does, so what do we mean when we talk nation? That's what we have no uh, agreement upon, even though we're subject to these institutions, and then we uh, we have a big old uh culture war over it to allied our fundamentals conjecture about like what we're trying to preserve by preserving a uh polity. better call salall is good? you know what, i'm finally watching the sixth season and i am sorry, there is good stuff throughout the show, but the way that the fucking gusfring hey, remember breaking bad shit eats the rest of the show as it goes along is just a missed opportunity is what it is, to me the the the... promises of a better call show better call sall show was a show with a different tone and a different theme than breaking bad, not just the same thing over again from a different perspective, that to me was like, why do it why do a spinoff of a show that's completed? to do a different, not just narrative angle, but thematic, tone, aesthetic angle, but aesthetics, nobody gives a shit about that anymore, it's like no, this is what a a hour long show that i'm supposed to think is good looks like, these are the themes of a show like that, this is the visual palette of a show like that, like to me the ideal better call saw was like a 70s rockford style case a-week show about uh saw getting into uh schemes and shapes in the in the legal community in albakirky and you can say oh yes but the show we got instead is so good 30% of the show. is about finding out how the meth lab that uh Guss Fring builds and and reveals in what season four breaking bad got made holy shit wow so I'm just saying yeah there's good stuff throughout but especially as the lallo shit just ate the rest of the show in the last season so that you don't see Saul become Saul good but till the very end of the of the fucking last uh uh color episode, that's like, I'm sorry, the thing cool about him was that he was the character he was, how does he become him, that's the breaking bad arc, and also it doesn't make sense for a guy who was a croook from day one, now riches shem shown, somebody says watching riches gempstones of course, now there's a program, i just feel like people made. break uh at every step sense like sopranos defined what a good show was, meaning a show, this is what i mean by good show, i'm not talking about anything to do with quality, i am talking about a film that can a show that can fill a cultural space, and that is the show that self-conceived, self-perceived smart people feel comfortable, debating and describing the aesthetic merits of uh in public, specifically on social media, that is a good show, that's for my purpose, this is the show, this is the show that this is the model of thing that the sepranos gifted to us at the dawn of the 21st century and that... was a blessing because we were going to need it, because the internet was going to destroy our literacy, it was going to destroy our attention span, it was going to destroy our uh interest in leaving our homes, and what that meant is that the broad middle brow of uh of narrative art was going to collapse around stuff that you watch at home, and then we were going to have our engagement with it happen in public. in our social media, which is filling the role of actually being and interacting with other human beings. no, the sopranos was not that, I mean it was incredibly well-reviewed, there is an S&L sketch at the time that made fun of the reviews of the sopranos in the first season, just hyperventilating, like the Messiah had arrived, but like it did not become a phenomenon for a little bit, and that's because people came to the lifestyle of... at that time reading um at work at their shitty boring jobs sitting down and reading uh online recaps that's where this whole thing starts and then going in the comments about them and of course not everyone was doing that very few people were literally writing the comments but lots of people were engaged peripherally in the in the discussion and that replaced uh difficult films uh or honestly anything outside of blockbuster films it replaced a show and that show changed over time and the... is the show got worse over time, now I would argue that there's like a moment after the Sopranos when the form kind of bursts up a little bit cuuse like, oh, there's this new form, everybody like rises to the challenge of it, and you have this crop of shows that are at least as good as sopranos and some could argue better, like mad man, like deadwood, you can argue about the wire all you want, but it's uh, it's roll, it's ability to fill the role of the show smart people talk about, was impressive, but then it starts to... fucking fall it starts to get less rigorous as time goes on as the format itself which is uh a mass extended viewership over years dominates over everything else because i would argue that element of television makes it a lesser artistic medium than either film or uh novels. Easier, lesser, and keeping people watching makes the genre stuff that's like supposed to be the sweet to the salty of the uh, you know, more uh, like modernist character-based stuff, overwhelms the pallet, and breaking bad is really where that kicks in, the breaking bad is much more uh genry than any of the previous good shows and as a result people had to work harder to make it... means something and after that fell off, like the the economy of of of uh television changed all in ways to make shows worse in general, to make it so that the show that like rises up is going to be worse, then we had Game of Thrones fill that spot, which is of course like even more, I mean traditionally genre based than breaking bad is, more of a fantasy thing that breaking bad even is a crime show. and like you can argue, well these are all good shows. i like them, i love them, in fact at times, gambo got me to read those stupid books which i never had before watching gambo, and i was at the edge of my seat as i watched fucking breaking bad, i mean they were effective, but as a thing that everybody should sit around to talk about, discuss from a a uh like a critical literary perspective, absolutely not, move on, but there is nothing to move on to, there is nothing else that everybody had experience to talk about, and so that's what they talk about, by the time better call Saul shows up, it's the only thing with any connection to that era still around, and over time it's need to remind us of that connection to a of previous bellapock of prestige television over uh wellmed everything else, and by the end of the show, it's a third, the salamankas versus Guss fraing like, to remind you, hey, this is the show that you really liked, and then just watching everyone try so hard to ring something out of the show, it was annoying, honestly, but I understand cuz what? else is there to talk about, and that's all we really want to do with this stuff is talk about it. we're just letting it wash over us, the real work is afterwards, hell half the time we don't been really watching it, we got our phones in our hands, so there's plenty of good stuff in in better callsall, especially before it uh took the turn towards being about breaking bad again and being like breaking bad again in the earlier seasons. uh, even though tonally it's not enough of a distinct thing from breaking bad to justify itself, which is really the question, why are we making this? if it's just another breaking bad season then we're just doing a reboot, who cares? the answer needs to be like there's another thing we're exploring here, another aesthetic element of the setting we're exploring, but that would mean making it no longer a show that reads as good, if it's a case of week comedy, then it is no longer a show that we can all care about together publicly and talk about and think. about publicly, so anyway, that is my case to gets the show, and that's why it's so frustrating to talk about any of this stuff, because you can defend the show on its own merits all day and say, look at this and this, this is so good, and yeah, there's stuff in there that is enjoyable to watch, but what it is expected to hold up to, the scrutiny is expected to hold up to is unreasonable and only motivated by. Yeah, the relationship between Chuck and uh uh Jimmy is very good and could have been the engine honestly for a show to like even if you don't want to do wackier and you want to have more of a tragic edge to it, but you you could have based it around a a less con uh, a less intensified, but sort of more long-running. version of the Chuck uh Jimmy dynamic, that could be like the drive of the show, but like they had to kill him off because they had to make way for all of this breaking bad bullshit, see somebody says I hated the chuck stuff, it doesn't make doesn't make me dumb, no, it's all about as smart as the rest of it, none of it is smarter than any part other parts of it, some parts are just funner. more fun, and that's the part about these shows that gets totally uh, annihilated, the aesthetic element uh, in their evaluation, because this is all a a kelvinist fun denying exercise in the first place, wanting other people to see your smart, doing homework for free, that's not somebody who wants to have fun, that's somebody who has created a twisted, perverse, repressed inversion of... fun, a calvinist in other words, so don't they can't recognize, they cannot, they can recognize it maybe by perceiving it, but they cannot recognize by positively redescribing and affirming it when they see it, and man, just as the last thing, people who thought lalo is some epically cool villain, i do not understand, like what was it, was it the mustache, like oh he's. but also evil, he smiles, but then he kills people, that's so twisted, like are this has been done a zillion times and more importantly, it's not done with any distinction, it literally just is, he chuckles and then kills people, that's it, he's fun in a show that is otherwise drained of fun for no good reason, like one of the reasons people like lalo is cuuse he's he introduces like this wacky element that should already be there in a show about Saulman, but is instead completely absent because of the serious stakes of all this shit. i'm saying if lalo is the fun part of your show, you fucked up, it should be funner than that. it should be more fun than this. this is a minimal amount of fun. see, i want to have like a a review colum about television where i just review the metacontext of reviewing television show. because I do have a lot of takes around TV, because I'm as much of a fucking new dorc as the rest of you, I got to watch television more than I absolutely should, because I'm like, what do I do with myself? so I'm watching this slop, and I of course want myself to be appear to be intelligent, I'm talking about myself here, but I would like to just give some ability to deceive myself, if no one else that I'm doing something other than that, by not having to like talk about these shows as if they're good or not, like this is slop, like uh, example, andore, i've watched two episodes of andor, i could see why people like it, i will probably maybe watch it at some point in the future, but i don't know, i don't have disney plus and i don't really want to uh, i don't know how to torrent things, so maybe maybe not, we'll see what happens, but even if it's as good as people say it is, i think it is morally respon, it is the moral responsibility of anyone who watches andror to shut the fuck up about it and not ever say it's good. not ever say a word about it, even if it means it gets canceled, because it is criminal that to that Tony Motherfucking Gilroy who made Michael Michael Clayton, which is one of the best films in the best film decade of like the past 30 years, 2007 uh, and is like a proven uh film, film pimp uh, and obviously had plenty of ideas for his own work that he couldn't. because they would only let him do something if it had bleep bloops in it is now being forced to make a bleep bloop show and the fact that it's the best bleep bloop show is totally immaterial to the fact that it is a crime that this should be where we're given what we're giving money for and then we're going to cheer this lack of standards we're going to hoot and haller and slap our fins together that is criminal what? it and enjoy it if you think it's good for the love of God, but keep your mouth shut, keep your mouth shut, hey, and like the number of people, this and points this out say, oh, the politics are good, what, so what, that's homework, okay, kids, so tomorrow you got to uh, watch Andore and then have a book report ready for a class about uh, why it's epically communist, did i say something with the wisconsin accent? it does come out sometimes, it does come out on the vowels. oh my god, you want some toast? that's my favorite part of the wisconson accent is the way they do o a toast, but we're going on the bot. also the a in in or the o in words like god. oh my god. I saw the dune trailer, I'm on record saying the first dune is bad and it's basically a Marvel movie, and if you don't recognize that it's because your taste buds have been melted by comic book crap, it's uh, it's a not a movie, it's an advertisement for another movie, it's it cuts the first act out of a three-act structure and tries to trick you into thinking it's a movie, and the most gregeous part of that aggreus moment of that is that the end of the movie when they're just walking up the dune and all of a sudden the han zimmer scores just gets really loud right before they could cut the black that's just trying to trick you into thinking that you just saw a whole movie and what again why is it good though even though it has the same dull uh muted refinement culture uh shout out lindy man aesthetic as a fucking taco bell it's got the... same uh uh it's like oh han zimmer uh desert planet movie what are you going with uh how about this tribal uh tribal instruments holy shit you're a genius like the mousin sound wow unbelievable oh boomer energy you people yeah because you children have given up the idea that a movie should be a story apparently that uh that uh above the spider verse movie that everyone's creaming themselves about that i'm probably not going to see, it ends with just a middle of the middle of a scene cliff hanger, is that correct? okay, that's not how you do that, that's not how you do the middle part of a trilogy has anyone seen uh, back to the future too, you fucking children, have any of you guys, i love i'm like arguing in favor of stuff that was considered slop in 1980s, it's like yes, was considered slop in 1980s, now it's good compared to the slop we have now, that's just how it works, take it up with the second law of thermodynamics, but that movie tells the whole story of... about uh marty having to go back and uh oh I'm sorry back to the future one uh and back to the future two both end with cliff with invitations to watch the next movie at the end of back to the future one they go your kids something's wrong with your kids and then they go away and then at the end of the third one you find out that dock is in the old west and and Marty's got to go back for him but in both of those they tell the whole story and then they introduce this next link in the chain to a new story. they do not just stop the movie and then say come back for it again. that's not that's not a movie, that's not a film, that is an episode, what of television? and clapping like a seal for it is clapping for to fucking cline, i'm sorry, and again, watch it and enjoy it, it's all we have, who am i to blame you, but then keep it to your fucking self, forgot. so yes i'm an old man complaining about the kids today on their dumb phones, but what that's what i am, that's what we all are, we we can try to frantically dress it up uh in in like some of transcendent garb of of eternal insight, but the fact is we're all some degree or another just reacting to the... change in how we remember things at one point to how they are now and a lot of that just boils down to aging getting turned into uh uh value but some of it is a real lived experience of the decline of institutions of all types including cultural production under this accelerated terminal end stage capitalism and i got to the reason they call this late capitalism or or late st capitalism, the reason I think that that is a useful term and it that it actually does describe something is because it is totalized capitalism, which is what we have, and that is why we are in a decline phase, because once capitalism is totalized, it can only decline from there, as all systems, all systems reach of totalization, and then their internal contradictions bring them to destruction. this is just the first one that is literally uh global, this is the first order. class society that is literally global as opposed to just global within uh its uh thermo thermodynamic limit of expansion yeah it's all down hill so that is the late stage but that stage could exist for maybe ever maybe if they actually do figure out how to make the computers turn you into a robot it'll be a post scarcity utopian singularity robot colony of like 10 assholes and the rest of the world is a parched desert, uh, I've talked about um, before on this pod, the stream, what have you, a while ago now, uh, I talked about a short story called uh, the people of uh, what the fuck's it called, the people of sand, and that that short story, this people of sand and slag by paolopi, he's some sort of dego, and it's about a, it's about late stage capitalism, it's about, it's about capitalism at its final development, and that's just what we have now, at a further stage of technological development, but the the dynamic of the relation, the internal uh cultural dynamics, the dynamics between individual humans and the dynamics between. and the environment and other living things is the same as it is now, so that's why you can have a late stage that could extend into the far future, because of the the x factor of technological development, which is always interrupted, otherwise natural cultural flows, like there are plenty of points where our existing class structure should have collapsed a long time ago, what saved it at every point was a technological breakthrough, pressure applied. to a point of uh mental pressure, collective, like uh, creative, intellectual pressure applied to uh cracks in an edifice, technology is like the finger in the dike that then over time because of the breakthroughs involved in technological innovation and development, create a whole new uh terrain that extends the horizon out even farther uh, but we're and and if and now though we it could continue. indefinitely, but not without the mass majority of humanity being extinguished, and really uh the political question of of for uh first worlders is how do you imagine integrating yourself into that process? where are you going to be as that is a current? and of course for everybody hearing this and myself, i'm inside this machine, but you know, it's going to break down not according to like a static border, but uh, it's going to happen within polities. between polities is going to be a hollowing out and a collapse around protected geographical atoles, an archipelago of capital. uh, the the air in California is incredibly clean actually, because there haven't really been any wildfires yet, and a lot of that is attributed to the fact that it rained like crazy - for early this year, almost the entire month of January, so stuff's a lot uh wetter, there there's there's less uh, less tinder, there are probably will be fires, but right now there really aren't any, and that's the fun thing about like this climate disruption is that it is uncombined and uneven results and and moving and shifting responses, which means like the worst of it is never felt anywhere permanently, you just have these emergencies and that's why it will be managed indefinitely, and I think technology. will allow it to be managed indefinitely as opposed to the the full uh apocalyptic reckoning that a lot of people i think are afraid of but secretly yearn for, because if that happens it it cleaves them of their responsibility, their more responsibility to assess their relationship to the process. somebody says polar sucks, polar is pretty good man. I think polar is good, you're tripping if you don't like poler. Oh, so we recorded our show earlier, um, so we're not gonna have anything about the affirmative action uh, ruling on it, I don't how much there is to say though, like everyone i think knew this one was coming, uh, also at this point you got to really wonder like how how crucial is this in like the broader sense when you consider how how few people uh like admission standards to selective universities refers to and also the fact that Roberts left universities the leeway to consider race but on an individual standard which since they already have a black box admissions standard uh they can't just claim that they do every time, there's no enforcement mechanism, so if they want to keep doing it, they'll keep doing it. I don't think they're going to, I think that their their ideology there is protected and coconed enough, that they will keep doing what they were doing anyway. Uh, it's very funny though, because like if like a lot of white people are very happy right now, but like if they really, if they took this seriously, which they won't. they took this all the way seriously, all right, we're getting rid of race completely, well then guess what, uh, you're still not getting into a university, but it's because an asian person took your spot, not a black person, congratulations, I mean, and that right there is just good old fashion, supply and demand, and populations, like there's a lot more uh Asians with uh the resources and desire to have their kids attain a exclusive university degree uh then there are white oneess and yeah like exclusive university should be buldosed i've discussed what i think there should be instead of universities i think there should be man i mean this is of course not like have them pass this now have brand didn't pass this now, like no, an entirely different government operating under different uh organs of deliberation would have to carry this policy out, but it would be national service for all kids for a couple of years where you go somewhere in the country that you aren't from, meet other kids who aren't from there and work together on some sort of goal, and then while you're there, and then also when you come home, you will have access to locally available education in. any subject you choose for free, and for stuff that is more intensive and requires like intensive educational infrastructure. you'd have centers for that where people who wanted to do that work could go, but the idea of college, let's get all these overproduce suburban little barons together and let them just chill when their hormones are at their ripest, and all of them can develop psychological, political psychological neuroses because of the trauma of colliding with the rest of the world in a where uh where they are learning that there can be nothing to do about alienation, that we are all in eternal warfare with one another, but also we should be making heaven on earth and we should get rid of all the bad things and the way to do that is to feel bad about them, because there's no other, there's no actual thing we can do about any of them. good lord, anyone who defends this prop thing because like it creates liberals or something is completely deluted, it creates cultural schizophrenia. an eventual civil war, like how about you come into adulthood, hormones and all this going with a bunch of other people who are all uh working together on a common project, holy shit, maybe these aren't, maybe our uh cultural, racial uh uh gender conflicts are... resolvable, maybe it isn't a zero sum game, but that's what they're learning, and it's very funny to me the number of conservatives who think that they're going to destroy this thing that even though they are a product of it, and their mindset is merely a refraction, a reversal of the mindset that it's imprinting onto all those horrible libs, like you are hostage to the same ideological fantasy and erotic uh um torture chamber as the libs are like oh we got to replace the curriculum at uh at Harvard with uh with cicero and shit it's like that's what it was for a long time and it's still produced eventually a culture of liberal neurosis, because that's what academics are going to generate. for a very long time conservatives would complain about how all the universities are stapped with liberals or communists and for one thing that wasn't true in many of the disciplines like business and stuff, but more importantly conservatives uh wanted to make money, a conservative would come, a conservative of like intelligence and drive, so could complete like a multi-year uh uh postgraduate course in any subject would rather make money than dick around and in the fucking quad? what is to be what is what a value is to be found here? value is to be found in the market. i'm going to go and fight in the marketplace. the entire idea of like we need more uh conservatives in universities, it totally missed the sorting mechanism that puts people. into jobs and the people who want to hang around college or the people who don't want to go onto the market for one reason or another, either they don't think they can hack it, or they think it's wrong to do so, and usually a combination of both, like the decision that oh, it's immoral to engage in the market is often pared to, i would be bad at it, i certainly know it's true in my case. so you're going to create a cast of nervous, anxious, guilt riddled uh nerds who just sit around and try to ritually uh discharge their accumulated sense of guilt to be in a system that they know is bad. now things are decayed so much that i think that there is something to the conservative demand for like uh conservative conservative. conservative affirmative action in universities uh just in the sense that there's nowhere to make money, people are like even people would rather make money or finding like, oh no, maybe the academy is a better option, it's a more stable job environment, but of course at this point it isn't, the profession has been destroyed, so there's nothing like uh the conservatives and the libs are fighting over uh like the future of uh academia exactly as it's collapsing. so all these questions about welfare about affirmative action uh and uh and tenure it's like and who's going to be teaching? our kids, it's like the whole model is collapsing, it's all falling down right now, that's the only reason that it's up for grabs, is because it's no longer valuable, when it was valuable, it there was a structure to keep reproducing it, and now it's gone, and they had to dismantle it, and how do they dismantle it, well the... dismantle the new left, which is mostly students partially by giving a bunch of them jobs in the academy. you can't bring down the system, but you can critique it, and maybe the kids that you uh teach it, teach their critique to, will one day undo it, of course that's self-serving, but it's no one's fault because there was no alternative at that point, like the historical energies that it uh guided the left through its institutionals, its institutional power had evacuated and you have to still live. are you going to destroy yourself like a bug zapper running against the machine or are you going to live and that's a question we all have to ask and i honestly don't think that you can judge anybody who makes either choice because they're making them individually a lot of people are going to make the choice to go along and the the best compromise they can imagine is i'll i'll i'll get the same uh same quarter lot that my parents did that i thought was bourgeois sell out uh murder uh but because instead of working at a factory or working on Madison Avenue and contributing to the war machine i am uh on the campuses deconstructing all of the propaganda and and and the systems of power and I'm teaching the kids how it works and all this stuff and so that's worthwhile work that needs to be done uh to oppose this thing without opposing it and that went for a while you know the the financialized uh boom. the the illusory boom that that went from like the mid-80s until 2008 uh the the home-based speculative boom that that was filled in for like a productive economy as we were dismantling ours, but at the end of the century that the bill comes in and this this system has to be destroyed like the idea of a bunch a big of academics sitting around and talking to kids, that's going away, and you're going to be replaced by uh, by proletarianized thought leader, thought, thought workers, intellectuals who are essentially uber drivers, because they're taking they're getting paid per class with no benefits or guaranteed of employment, so who's going to do that, going to allow this institution to be destroyed when these people care about it so much, administrators, which is that strata of people within this, overproduced elite, can be bought off, and can convince themselves that the work they do is meaningful, and what you have to do to convince them is you need to give them way more money, and lo and behold, the more money you give people, the easier it is for them to pull some bullshit reason out of their ass that what they're doing is meaningful. and so the people who have detached who have destroyed this university system are administrators now some of them are like deI uh inclusivity people and those people have a ready made explanation to themselves of why they're doing but most of them are just just essentially academic bureaucrats and if you give them the power to do it and you give them money to motivate them, they'll do it, just like if you give, if you gave the people the uh former communist officials in eastern Europe after the fall of the Soviet Union, you give them enough money and they will sell you everything that they used to think mattered in the world, and what's so exciting and terrifying about the moment we live in is that that regulatory element of maintain. capitalist stability in the core, the ability to spy off a group is going away, there is no, like college itself can no longer be stand as like this, this ritual that like it'll be fun and it might be annoying, but it'll mostly be enjoyable, and at the end of it you will be able to be one of us, and it's that's not a credible claim anymore for for basically anyone. and that is one of those cracks that's emerging and what's going to fill it? some combination of technological advancement, social change and ferment are going to push us along a path and we're all alive. for it and in it and uh it doesn't matter how it ends our part in it is part of an eternal process so yeah that's why there there can never be a a black pill it just doesn't make sense you're alive all right at the end here i'm going to do a quick uh quick set of golf war cards, apologies to anybody's not a fan of the golf war cards, i just find a lot of this very interesting, so the first one we got here is a military asset, the m1, the m1 main battle tank, the good old m1 main battle tank, and i saw this one and i thought is this, i think this might be a double, i remember we did a men bettle tank that wasn't the abrams tank, is that the same one and then i look back through him and it's like no we did this one, we did the M60 main battle tank, which I think is the coolest looking one uh, and I was just like, goddamn, that's three main battle tanks, we got three main battle tanks, what was the word main even mean, that's how you know you got a fucking military empire, when you got three main battle tanks, seems like you should have one main battle tank, that's your main battle tank, though the words have meaning or not, so this though is the m1, this is the M one main battle tank, which looks more like the abram's to me and therefore less aesthetically pleasing. uh, oh, main battle, like there, you use them in the main battle, as opposed to the outer battle, i don't know, in 1976 the us army awarded christler the contract for 11 x m1 vehicles, the four runners of the m1 and m1 a1 abrams, the first a1 m1 had revolutionary gas turbine engines and 105 mm main gun, the fire control system included laser rangefinder, full solution digital computer and day nightight site. a later version, the M1A1 included a 120 millimeter main gun and an integrated air conditioning system. wait a minute, some of these don't have air conditioners, motherfucker uh. manufacturer general dynamics, speed 45.1, 41.5 mil/hour, range 289 miles, armaments 120 millimeter main gun, two, 27.62 millimeter machine guns and uh 12.7 millimeter machine gun, so there you go, eight, eight gallons to the mile, what a mile is eight gallons of gas, holy fuck. I already said something smart, this is the card time, this is a very funny one to me, uh, military skills, fitness, fitness, fitness, folks, don't we love it, fitness of mind, fitness of body is a slogan of the... US military uses to encourage health. US Marines, upon graduation from bootcamp set their fitness goals for 20 pull-ups, 60 situps in two minutes and running three miles. that can't still be the standard, right? they have to have gotten rid of that. there's no way there's still a military if they're asking a bunch of 18-year-olds in the in 2023 to do that. uh, and running three miles in less than 18 minutes, no way. marines trained at least three hours a week in aerobic and anaerobic fitness, giving them strength and endurance, three, three hours a week. in aerobic and anaerobic fitness, giving them strength and endurance. US Marines and other services have intermiraled programs for such sports as softball, football, basketball, wrestling and boxing. yeah, good luck, good luck with that. uh, so we've got here, government, congress, the clown car, is this, is this circ to so? Where is this building? huh? this is where they keep the clowns. what exactly is anaromic fitness is a good question? i read that and i didn't really get it. uh, the congress of the United States is the legislative branch of government. it is bycameral divided into two somewhat equal parts, or yeah, not somewhat equal. the the the power of a single senator versus the power of a single congress person is is not uh somewhat equal. Uh, organization, the Senate and the House of Representatives. The Senate has 100 members, two from each state elected for six-year terms. The members of the House of Representatives are elected for two years. Uh, At present there are 435 representatives, the number allowed each state being based upon population with each state having at least one. Only Congress can declare war, and yet didn't. Do you really want to bring that up with your Gulf War trading cards? Oh, I'm sorry, their desert storm trading cards, the word war is not used, therefore it was not a war. Don't ask any questions about why we have not declared a war, and yet we still have troops everywhere. Shut up. No, it said aerobic and anaerobic. Oh boy, check out this dude, check out the eyebrows on this beast, admiral Frank R. Kelso, the second, this is the second Frank R Kelso, look at this guy, he looks like a late Soviet premiere. is the guy you found brejnev dead in his boss uh following graduation from the naval academy in 1956 oh yeah someone said michael lachino eyebrows very interesting uh kelso served in the cargo ship uss oglethorp wow cool before attending submarine school in 1958 and 1960 the submarine guys are mutants to me i cannot think of a less appealing thing to do than to go into a submarine for an extended period of time and even like one that you know isn't going to broke uh implode, just you can't, there's no sunlight, what's wrong with you, you don't have to do it, it's all volunteer, that's the wild thing, nobody gets assigned to subduty, these freaks are volunteering, and I'm sure part of that is that you get high faster promotion because of that, but perverts, yeah, they give you more money of course, but you'd have to be a sicco. uh, from January 1969 to august 1971, he served as commanding officer of the US Naval nuclear power school in banebridge uh Maryland. On June 30th, 1986, Kelso was promoted to admiral and assumed the duties of commander and chief US Atlantic Fleet. He became the US Navy's 24th chief of naval operations on June 29th, 1990, so this guy is in charge of sending the uh aircraft carriers into the Persian Gulf to just launch the... fucking tomahawks, just press a button, wow, incredible, you're fucking bull Halsy over here, you're admiral Nelson, just parking your floating shopping mall off the coast of Kuwait and this having some guys and headphones press buttons, amazing, uh, born, Fayetville, Tennessee. say tennessee man birth date July 11th 1933 so he's probably dead right frank elso probably dead somebody check on that uh education university university of the south oh boy swane tennessee usa and the US Naval academy in Minneapolis Maryland in 1956 a fine southern gentleman with very impressive eyebrows dead in uh dead in 2013, well there we go, so he made it to 80, buse he's born in 33, yeah, he made it to 80, pretty good, what branch would i go into if i had to navy for sure, but not the fucking subs, i'll swab the deck baby. Air Force is too much math, no thank you. I would absolutely do do very poorly on anything having to do with the technical elements of uh anything. Yeah, coast guard would be nice. Following a family tradition. I've said this before, but I had a very old dad, second family type situation, so my dad was a World War II veteran, which is wild, and he uh, he volunteered for the coast guard. he was like, i'm not fucking getting my ass shot off, no thank you, so that's a tradition like none other, all right, uh, geography, we've got good old lebanon, lebanon, good old lebanon, the republic, lebanon has been racked by clan warfare for... Civil war broke out in 1958 and 1975. During the last year Syrian troops intervened and remained in Lebanon. Israel also intervened on two occasions. Three now, last time they got their assess kicked. In 1983, the USA and other western nations sent troops to Beirot to enforce a seasfire. An action on military installations resulted in the death of 241 US Marines an attack on military installations rather. And then we fucking just turn tail on. ran Reagan one bombing and we just fucking left and then we invaded Granada so nobody thought we were pussies very funny uh geographic area 4,015 square miles population 3.3 million languages arabic, French, English, predominant religions, Islam and Christianity, capital Beirout, government type, republic, head of government, President Elias Harani, yeah. oh poor Lebanon, one of those places with a lot of mountains that all of the non-conformists gobbled up, whenever you got like an imperial religious imperium, it got it just absolutely dominates in lowland flat areas, is that they are able to centrally administer the a uh homogenization of religious practice pretty effectively, but once you get up into the hills and all bets are off, but that means when she tried to turn Lebanon into a... West Faleion state post-colonial era, not great, that's like one of the very few times uh that the Irish have been deployed militarily uh in the world, they were un, the two big like Irish military adventures uh outside of you, the domestic ones uh of the 20 post war period when they were like no thanks to World War II and then stayed uh neutral is They were UN observers or they they were UN peacekeepers in the Congo in the early 60s when there was this uh attack by like the uh I think the uh Katangan rebels uh on their position and they did a works drift standoff for like a week they made a netflix show about it and then the other was they were uh peacekeepers uh occupying the area between the uh the uh the... uh not yet hezballah at that point uh southern is uh southern Bay and the Israeli occupiers uh yes the sige of jadetville is what i'm talking about 1960 and then um yeah they had uh they had peacekeepers in in Beirout which led to a scandal where a christian militia probably killed a uh irish UN peacekeeper who went off base uh and then they kind of covered it up and blamed the uh Palestinians at one point I think they tried to blame this shiah uh and the pogs actually wrote a song about it about Billy's bones but other than that the Irish mostly just like to fight each other which very fitting military asset oh baby we all anyone from the 90s knows and loves this baby the AV 8b Harrier 2, this is a motherfucking jump jet anyone see true lies, you know what these things are capable of, it's hilarious because you think about it for five seconds and you're like, that's dumb, we don't need that, but then you see that movie and you're like, you know what, when it like just ripped open that entire story of that Miami High Rise, it's pretty tight, a truly versatile aircraft, yeah, the U.S. Marine core Harrier 2 is capable of vertical takeoff and landing for either a carrier or a land base designed as a close ground support aircraft, it can hover over the combat area and direct its fire at artillery emplacements or armor. The harrier can strife enemy ground troops at high speeds, tiring machine, firing machine guns and missiles or dropping clusters of fire bombs. I can understand the theoretical value to something like that, like you need close air support fast, helicopters are going to be uh, aren't going to be as fast as a... jet that could get to the side of the close air support and then hover like a helicopter, i get it, but that also feels like something that you suggest uh, you know, just like the 15th hour of brainstorming when you have literally no chance, anyone will say no to anything that you suggest, you know those guitars that are like double guitars, it's like what if there was a playing that could just like go like that, and they're like, yeah, let's do it, uh, I mean now what we have instead is the ospray, which is just the way to kill uh, kill military pilots and and uh passengers, manufacturer British aerospace, McDonald Douglas, speed 668 miles per hour, range 541 mis per hour, miles in combat, armament 25 mm guns, sidewinder and maveric missiles, laser guided or cluster bombs a crew of one, yeah, honestly just worth it for the worth it for true lies. even if it never did anything else and i honestly don't know if it ever did, has has a herrier ever been used in combat? somebody tell me military asset here, a knox class frigate, we got a frigate guys, we got a motherfucking frigate, oh the Falklands, oh man, the bloody oggies. There are more than a dozen US Navy frigate operating in waters in and around the middle east. The Knox class frigates are armed with medium range surface to surface and surface to air missiles. The Vreeland was assigned to the Roosevelt carrier group in the Red Sea and the Montgomery was assigned to the Saratoga carrier group. Homeport of both ships is Mayport Florida. Displacement 4,200. 50 tons fully loaded, length 436 feet, speed 27 nots, uh, nots, array armament, harpoon and sand sparrow missiles, sea sparrow missiles, one five-inch gun, four fixed torpedo tubes and one, i got to get bifocals, one phalanx ciws, a crew of 288. That seems like a good number to have, you got a good group there, those us carry, those uh, aircraft carriers, it's like a cruise ship, there's thousands of fucking people, and then we've got intelligence file, oh boy, we had judaism, and now Islam, oh boy, this will be awkward, islam. Christianity and Judaism all believe in the same god, whom muslims call Allah, as well as in the prophet, Abraham and Moses. Followers of Islam recognize Jesus is a prophet, preceeding Muhammad. The five pillars of Islam are the statement, there is no God but God, and Muhammad is his prophet, praying five times a day in the direction of Mecca, Saudi Arabia, giving regularly to charity, fasting during the days of Ramadan and making a pilgrimage to Mecca if possible. That's pretty true, nothing there, nothing there about it being u blood drinking maniacs or anything - they were pretty chill during that first golf war because there had been no 9-11 beforehand followers 900 million at the point percentage of the world's population 17 founder Muhammad found dead 60061 ad sacred text the Quran and the hadiths and if you are actually a fan of western monotheism as a concept if you're down with the one god deal we all commit to one god. we we we pick them and we follow him, we ride or die and we like put all of our human traits onto them and and all that stuff, if you're into that then you got to back Islam, christianity is cashed, it is fucking washed, judaism still got some juice, but that's just because of uh you know the existence of Israel and and and the position of uh the the uh live, the live nature of Judaism among Jewish elites, like there's no christians with money. you what i mean? they believe in themselves, they've turned Jesus into a pagan war god that represents themselves and capital is uh a is satan from that world, now the the reigning god overall, and the only monotheistic alternative to that is uh, is Islam, because it's a live religious tradition at all levels of society, or most anyway, more much more than Christianity. but i don't know i i i don't think it's i don't think the future is monotheistic i got to say it just seems like a thing that's got a uh got an expiration date one way or the other ah spain spain in our hearts been reading a lot about these motherfuckers uh thanks to the uh spanish civil war pod i'm preparing but these are some more guys we just sort of watched and clapped while we did gulf war located in southwestern Europe Spain has coast lines on both the med and the Atlantic Ocean, because of its relationship with Germany and Italy during the 30s and 40s, Spain was not granted admission to the United Nations until 1955, that's a way to put it. because they were fellow travelers of the access, because they were like uh junior versity nazis. we were like, no, you don't get to be in the UN, you sit out, they made them sit out, man, that must have pissed off a lot of the loyalists, because there was a feeling among a lot of the exiled Spanish leftists that when the war ended, the project would continue and that they would liberate Spain, now. No, the US had no intention of doing that, instant alliance with all the former nazis against the Soviet Union and the continuation of the war. Although, this is a very interesting fact to me, uh, some of the first units into Paris when it was liberated in 1945, were a tank uh, it was a tank column attached to a part of the French military made up almost exclusively of uh, Spanish Civil War veteran, Spanish ones. uh from the losing side who had spent time in refugee camps in France after the uh Spanish civil war ended and then join the free french uh when the war spread to the rest of Europe but they ne could never really uh pull off fascism like classical fascism they did not have an a dynamic enough uh urban middle class for that uh they just instead of that they did a leasurely de uh agriculture a leisurely move from city to from the country to the city uh under gunpoint but not through popular enthusiasm no thank you uh well i mean see what say oh they're too lazy someone says too lazy it's sunny it's really really sunny all the time why would you want to be up and doing stuff it's not logical it's not rational and it does not serve the human spirit. to go against that geographic area 194,900 square miles, population 389.6 million, language spanish, what a shock, uh, they're one of those countries that's got a whole language named after them, which is always cool, uh, language, spanish, as I said, predominant religion, Roman catholicism, they had got the catholicism out of them like 100 years ago, like working class people were. in like the 1800s, by now it's like five old ladies and black hairnuts to go to church, government type, constitutional monarchy, head of government, prime minister Felipe Gonzalez Marquez, uh, yeah, so there's Spain, just just, oh, I, I forgot this part, for operation Desert Storm, Spain supplied naval units, okay, cool, I'm sure they were very integral. And here we go, we got Poland, we forgot Poland, no we remembered Poland, we'll never forget Poland, after being a major independent country for three, I think I've read this one before, yeah, I'm pretty sure I did, I literally forgot Poland, that's funny, all right, well there you go, no last one cuuse it's fucking. and we already one of the worst flags by the way on earth, just very uninspiring. honestly, even if the color bands were like the other way, it would be more interesting. I don't like the I don't like tricolor flags either, they're very boring to me too, those are those are z generating uh flags. All right, I'm gonna go, talk to you all later. Bye-bye.