 Maria, address it to my wife, say i won't be coming home, i got to start a new life, let's take a letter Maria, address it to my wife, i send a copy to my lawyer, i got a sort a new life, when a man loves a woman, it's hard to understand how she could find more pleasure. in the arms of another man, all work, no - was i wrong to work nights to try to build a good life, all work and no play has just caused me a wife, take a letter maria, the address it to my wife, say i won't becoming home, got to start a new life, you have b things, but most of all good secretary to me, it just so happens, i'm free tonight, would you like to have dinner with me, that sounds amazing. It's a huge violation of uh song's a huge a huge uh violation of HR uh directives for any industry he's like well uh I just broke up with my wife uh what are you doing tonight uh oh someone say i'm looking like sam hide damn no i need to get a haircut, i need to cut, i need to take care of this, it's far too much, i'll do it soon, i look very nice and very uh very presentable, i can clean up a little bit, but yeah i look uh, i look a little disheveled today, that's fine, ah, but it's true, i should uh, i should do better. Are these streams astroturf someone ask? that's an interesting question, what does that even mean at this point? like is am i being paid secretly to do them? if i am, i don't know it, that's all i can say, which does not mean that i could not be a uh a unwilling dupe, a useful idiot, and i think i probably am to some extent, but not to any greater extent. anyone else so therefore no reason to sweat it address it to my wife, i got to start it, look, it's gonna have to just be twitter forever, okay, there's no escaping twitter, it is, it's the vessel, it cannot be shattered without unleashing uh spirits that are otherwise going to destroy the republic, so uh, it has to be embodied somewhere, the energy has to be channeled through some crystal, and none of these other ones can do it uh, because they are a reaction to the thing itself, and that means that they by definition miss some element of the thing, they're just this uh broke off shard. so you got blue sky, which is like nice twitter, right? is that the idea? like what if it was nice and it had nice people there, and then threads which appears to be brand twitter, and because those two, those are the two things that are being shed by the current uh, elon musk twitter, right? are the sensitive souls who don't like all of the elevated uh based content uh and of course the advertisers who are similarly alienated from that source. of presentation and so uh blue sky is hey what if we all were nice to each other and then threads is hey what if we got all those brands in celebs back and they were just posting about how awesome it is to use their product and yeah you can see what your stupid friends are saying but the the the the focus the eye of sar on is fully fixed on the uh uh on the the glories the brands and the celebrities and so you get these things that don't have. the whole complement of possibilities, which is i i think that eventually the saudis are just going to buy it out just like they did the PGA, the saudis have brought billions of dollars out of this country and now they must bring it. back, it is ebben flow, title gravity, at this point, all non-extraction industries are loss leaders for petrocapitalism, they can't run a profit, the government can give them, lend them money to keep them a float. but that is it, they cannot make money on their own terms, because our productivity has stalled and collapsed, this is what happens at the end stage of a of a mode of production when its contradictions have clogged its innerds uh and when you have broken the conveyor belt between human energies and productive economy, people are not motivated to produce at any level and so they don't. motivation means many things, for a long time in America it meat a promise of uh higher station and it's just it's gone away like the belief in the system has gone away and so the energy you know it is the rate of the profit to fall is is uh one of the really more mystical concepts within marks because like you can say on a on a billboard oh it's you know only humans can create value and therefore if you have a system that does not have has diminishing human inputs then it can't create. but what that actually means is human mind put to the task of production and it just it can't go beyond a certain uh threshhold once the positive energies that are unleashed by society uh turn into just pure patological uh back uh uh blowback which is happens when the productive engine stalls out, because this problem is at the heart of capitalism, it's displaced by creation of empire, the spatial fix, as David Harvey calls it, but over time that spatial fix is overcome by the totalizing of capitalism, there's nowhere else to specially extract outside of the system, and so it's going to start eating itself, it's been eating itself for about 40 years now, I mean it was eating itself the whole time, but the uh massive destruction of capital created by World War II gave the United States an opportunity to create a new or uh relationship between subjects and their government and their economy uh as though those are different things I mean the government and the economy anyway uh they're only refracted you know culturally as two different things they are of course a holistic thing the one one organism uh but that relationship was temporarily expanded concept of citizenship and rights was temporarily expanded, a a net, a safety net undergirded how far you could fall, but at the same time gave real potential benefits to advancing, and that was all predicated on the ruthless, bringing into capitalist uh, supply chain, the economies of the rest of the world, where instead of have... the same process happened that happened in Europe where you have a domestic uh uh capitalist class like build up capital and then reinvest it locally, instead you have uh what what is better for the center of that system, which is just extraction of raw materials at the lowest possible crisis so that they can be created at the high capital intensive industry in the center, drawing out from the from the periphery to the center, like literally blood sucking, but what that means is that there is no uh growth here in any sector other than the stuff that push keeps the thing moving itself, the blood of the blood oil, and so there's still piles of money to made in uh extraction and so that money is going to have to more and more directly subsidize that portion of uh profit making in the core countries that the government is basically inflation limited to uh continue because twitter this thing that is now a load-bearing part of a huge segment of like the... media ecosystem and media uh subjectivity of many American citizens, the ones most likely to vote and and actively participate in civil life uh was built by the US government just giving free money to uh the tech sector, extraction isn't infinite, no, no, it isn't, that's why it's the whole thing is starting to shutter, but uh, but for now it is the only thing that has real value, and so Twitter was created in this context where money was essentially free, profit was a... second secondary consideration, which had never been true in any other capitalist enterprises, but now if you didn't have that guarantee of free money, there's nothing worthwhile to invest in, nothing is worth the risk because the returns are not big enough. talking about motivation again, the motivation of the people in this system to carry out their their assigned task of lending money, of of building economic growth. and so Twitter, not, it could have stumbled along, I mean it would probably doing better than it is under Musk right now, just because you he bought it for such an inflated price and then put that debt onto Twitter's books, but they would still be in like long-term trouble if like there's anything you can even conceive of that in this current economy as if there isn't only the kick the bucket next quarter uh but it was only made viable by that government infusion and now where the government is no longer infusing, the US is trying to bring interest rates up thereby bring capital into the United States and that means bringing in this money from these literal money spiggets in the middle east, they're buying out the institutions and they'll buy out twitter too probably. and in this context we have this new wild shit where the neoliberal globalist uh market, the the the international community the United States had built to replace the cold war uh camps is now being dismantled in the name of energy independence and like green transition. so the United States is now essentially declaring a trade war on everyone, including its allies. including its Japanese, Korean, European allies uh, and and and essentially forcing them to either uh drastically change their degree of government investment in uh alternative energy technology or be cut out of the market completely, which means we're back to multipolarity, I mean people who are flapping their their uh fucking uh... flippers together every day about multipolarity and the need to be multipolar, well it's happening, like you can cheer or not, like it doesn't really matter, this is just now where things have to go to fucking keep this thing going, because yeah, what what replaces this, and it's direct investment in infrastructure spending, the old, the old way, but without, but that can't uh, that cannot sit with this supposedly you know global economic order that does not have uh that that actually had at its heart the assumption that the United States would deindustrialize like that was the premise of the 70s sort of reorientation of global capitalism was to say the US is going to go away from being a a producer is going to become just a consumer and now to change that is to break up the entire. of powers, so we're going to see what multipolarity looks like, it probably looks like greater threat of a thermonuclear war than we've ever had before, but we'll see, but now I mean we're in a situation where it's it's just a bunch of state capitalist enterprises trying to keep themselves a float, I don't think you should think about any an anywhere, including China or anywhere else, you have existing power infrastructures made up of bureaucrats in government and outside of it in the private sector, some like uh, they're essentially networks that lace between organizations, they're people positioned in different organizations who don't just talk to each other in their organization, but talk to other members of other organizations, and those lateral networks are... where power actually resides within the greater edifices of the system, they're all fighting to keep their phony bolony jobs, as government said in blazing satdle. "they are trying to keep growth up enough to prevent serious breakdown in their economic system. That is what they're doing. Everything is a more than anything, a post-hawk rationalization of what they have consider that they have to do that transcend political consideration and ideology, just to keep the lights on, which they think of as unideological, and they therefore they don't deliberate about ideologically, but of course it's deeply informed by ideology because the assumption is. the only way to save society, the only way to save my nation or my race or whatever I however I consider it is for this specific or uh structure of power that I am in to persist. That is the assumption that is wrong that all of them share and it means that they will act in the same way to maximize growth, full steam ahead with total global uh... uh conflict economic competition that we have not seen since Europe in 1914 and honestly it's like the best we could hope for is for a new cold war which is what they're already starting but like an actual stable drunted one, but the problem is that the last cold war was never not violent obviously, it was peripherally violent. i guess the question is, can we reorientate towards a new cold war between the United States and China that has a similar level of peripheral violence. now is that the best case scenario for humanity? probably not, but it is what the people in power are. going to have on the menu of options to power them as they frantically react to to things that are happening by their will but without their conscious knowledge. i mean yeah like in a new cold war we would be in the position of the the United States China would be in the position of the Soviet Union. buying time for an eventual dissolution, the only real question is, does the United States at its heart have enough human blood pumping in its veins to avoid going down and bringing everybody with us by launching nukes at the last moment before the thing really dissolves, or are there enough people? at the heart, people at the heart to say, we're just going to have to change, we're going to have to change who we are and how we relate to each other, that's what now, the the Russians did that because they had a vision that was, ideal, in the west, we we talked about it as oh, these are ideas of freedom and democracy that they're embracing, and that was the popular gloss, but the people who grasp for power in the post Soviet uh, were people who saw the prospect of plunder, they saw the prospect of the post Soviet world being one where they personally could be enriched, and because the Soviet Union, God love it, had failed to produce a non-alienated subject, non-alienated from the institutions that they're embedded in, plenty of people in positions of authority, we're like, I will take that deal, I will, I will let you buy out my human soul. I don't think Gorbatchov actually uh counts, I think Gorbachov is a genuine believer in communism and he was left to frantically flail and and try to improvise around the material reality that the Soviet uh economic model was in termal crisis and that to fix the problem with the heart of it would have required people in power to lose it and they didn't want to do that and so they let it fall apart and many of them chose the buyout because it was a better option. now this time there will be no buy out, China's got enough of its own people to deal with, and and and we've already, we don't have any uh more copper to strip, they had an entire state apparatus to sell off, uh, maybe some people could be bought into the greater you know synosphere, but only at the very very top, not through the middle ranks like was like what happened in the Soviet Union. We'll see a leverage buyout of the uh ruling class by the Chinese ruling class would be better for everybody. although that's still on the relative time table like the soviet the the chinese bias out demobilize our nukes and America does decline into you know a drastically lower standard of living place uh which it would but you know finds a social uh uh equilibrium at that point instead of launching news uh that happens capitalist. will still be eating through the core of earth, and we will be dealing with that, so like establishing uh that equilibrium is going to take a lot of real uh real horror. i think that's what has to be faced is that whatever is coming will require transformation, which is scary, because we've only ever known in our life. things being different to be worse, that's part of the general structure of psychopathy that the culture reinforces, that you are the only real thing in the universe, that everyone else is fundamentally at odds with you, except for maybe a few people that you love, you know, and by loving them, you get to affirm some sort of like connection to a human project, but then you also use your love for them as a way to deepen your hostility to literally everybody else. Upper volta with burgers, very funny, darwin 69 420, very nice, darwin, yes, America will be upper volta with burgers, but I think yeah, it's all. be fine for all of us, one way or the other, and the reason i believe that is because the opposite belief that we're all doomed and that there is no point, leaves me in the exact same position that I would be otherwise, with the exact same other belief, now which one of those beliefs will guide me to action that I know deeper than reason are good for me, that's an easy question, that's not. difficult contest, therefore the one that is true reveals itself, buse truth transcends reason, it has to, like the reason that we think of is as reason is actually self-motivated psychopathic, individualism, and it's not anyone's fault, because we live in a machine to create psychopaths, we're the only uh social behavior that is rewarded by the structures of it are psychopathic ones. oh man, someone wants to talk about the maggreb, oh very, very, very depressing. i don't know, i don't know what you're even supposed to say that doesn't seem glib, you know, like there's horrors, but there's you know, always horrors and you still have to live, and how are you going to do it? the answer is never going to exist out there at that level from you, it's always going to be closer to home. no, I mean nothing. new happened, it's just that they have a they're in a cycle there that uh is particularly vicious, so it's hard to see anything intervening with just a a uh downward pressure, you know, because it's uh, it's it's it's in the fucking sniper scope of the whole global illness that we're suffering, france certainly. i think my favorite western someone ask will have to always be the wild bunch because i saw it at a formative age and it was really really cool and made me read the sam pekkenpaw biography there was like 600 pages i read that in fucking like junior high i think that's normal is that normal i'm just going to go out and say it's normal is will everyone agree with me good. I did read... Tarantino's book uh which you know would not have been published at all uh if he had not been quitten Tarantino because it is very rough and uh very conversational you know the man's a born podcaster he is himself has said the podcast that existed in the early 90s he wouldn't have been a director and that is terrifying to think of but absolutely true because you know it's the lowest way it's the easiest way to like get yourself out which is you know the whole urge behind that like I need others to see this, this thing coming out of me, uh, and you know, yeah, but the the only like the least, only the laziest and lowest of character are going to are going to succeed there, podcasters, uh, I honestly think Tarantino's talented enough that he still would have pushed past that barrier, now though, he's made 10 movies, he's proved his point, now he wants to podcast, and he does have a podcast, which is amazing, after he made up that Rick Dolton died, he did a whole podcast. about Rick Dolton uh and his career, retrospective analysis of movies that have never been made, and then did it fake interview of himself is Rick Dolton, it's like it's embarrassing, I guess if you're a fucking want to be a dorg about it, but it's it's just cool to watch somebody just vibing, you know, he's clearly having a good time, but the book is very interesting, because it's essentially his faiblems, instead of, I think that yeah he could never uniron. is enough to do a movie about his childhood in the like the direct way that uh Spielberg is able to, but uh, it's the same idea of showing you through his experiences as a child, how he came about having the weird shit that's in his movies, like uh, it gives you a key to read them psychologically, and that's the most interesting part, because he talks at length about growing up. in LA with his mom who left his dad and then he had a stepdad but then she broke up with him and started exclusively dating black guys and she was moving around in like it's clearly a uh it's clearly not a stable household he talks about like having to live with uh roommates and his mom and and and he just gets immersed in like the black community in like inglewood california and befriends like a uh her her her mom's sister's like fail brother named uh Floyd who becomes his like surrogit dad and it just he's just giving you a prism to see the entire fucking like psychology running through his films just like Spielberg does with fablements which I enjoyed it's not great it's not one of his best films but it is as a Spielberg fan uh it is uh an interesting and enjoyable experience just to see you know the sparks fly as he's trying to give you his obviously sanitized version of the deep pathologies that uh drive him to make films including wanting to bang his mom apparently and people have talked a lot about the the last shot and i got to say uh it's great it's wonderful last shot, i actually laughed, it's uh, it's fun, yeah, like you watch, you you think about you watch that movie and you watch his mom like literally getting in a car and driving towards a tornado uh, and then having to like leave the family, and then you think of close encounters have the third kind, which was the last film before fableman. that Spielberg has a writing credit on and it's like oh shit he is he's his mom he's identifying with his mom look at this and of course there's the thing of uh planchet in crystal skull having the same haircut as uh as speelberg's mom but that honestly feels like uh that feels like a uh red herring that feels like a chaf thrown up to protect the deeper truths that of course are not to be found on the glossy surface of a movie like that, because like obviously he's lying, but lying in a very revealing way, like because like while he's lying he's also you know showing you how he thinks, and that is fascinating. Yeah, and I can't stop thinking about that uh, what Fortan says at the end, if the horizon's at the bottom, it's interesting, if the horizon's at the top, it's interesting, if it's in the middle, it's boring as shit. like damn, damn Home, you broke it down, very excited about uh, the new scores sazy also, oh my goodness, I'm so excited, the Scots Napoleon, yes, I, I'm not a huge really. Scott fan, as people might know, but uh, I am a sucker for Napoleon, and I don't even care that uh, that Yakin Phoenix plays him from when he's in his 20s and you might go, oh the guy's 50, but there are absolutely zero 20 something actors in Hollywood that could project Napolionic swag, just can you think of one? Who could who could project that uh that energy? If you take say Timothy Shalame, I will fucking fire you out of a cannon, shut the fuck up. I watched that dune and guess what, he's stunk, sorry. Army hammer's like 45 now, and that would he would be able to do it, the kids are, I mean RIP, but you know, he might be a cannibal, but damn. he's got he's got old fashioned uh energy, i do not get this fucking shalem thing, i do not get why he is good, it seems like he is good for the same reason that pop stars are, they appeal to to pubescent girls and it's like that's fine, a movie star should should make pubescent girls uh uh happy, they just should not only do that. if you don't do the other quadrants, if you cannot inspire libinal uh engines of the other quadrants then you're not a movie star, but now as the whole concept decays, it makes sense that now we have a fundamentally only pop stars left in in the guys of movie stars. uh, they're saying you can't judge him until the next movie, i'm sorry. how about a movie be a movie one time? i know i've said this before, but my god fucking ripping people off with this bullshit. all right, i'm going to do uh some cards. we got a military asset, the M998 hummer, hummer baby. the... this fucking vehicle probably the most influential automobile of uh the last 40 years and what's fascinating is that after world war ii we did get a military style euh vehicle enter public use that's the jeep but the jeep uh was always sort of an outlier it was like its own thing but the... fucking hummer redefined the size and and and monstrosity of American uh automobiles to the point where now we only sell vehicles that make this thing look like a fucking kia and they could run over an entire kindergarden class without anyone seeing it happen above the fucking uh hood but my god talk about bringing the war home, that's how we brought the war home by cause playing in these things and these things got huge after 911, we wanted to bring the war home and we are, we continue to in stages, we have an installment plan of bringing the war home. okay, uh, the hummer is a high mobility multi-purpose wield vehicle, hmmwv, used for car cargo or troop transport, it can be fitted with the toe missile launcher system as an anti-tank vehicle, as a light attack vehicle, it carries the MK19 automatic grenade launcher and the 50 caliber machine gun or 7.62 millimeter gun with armor protection for its crew, hell yeah, uh, I got to say, a huge fan of the MK19 automatic grenade launcher, that thing, I know I'm saying, oh our horrible militarism, but got to give it up for that thing, it looks like a fucking t-shirt cannon and you can just destroy. an entire building with it uh manufacturer ltv missiles and electronic group that sounds like somebody did that sounds like from some of these basement they just put out a shingle like yeah that's us they having this done on fiver. speed 65 mph, range 300 miles, primary function cargo/troup carrier. crew, one and seven troops. remember when they were getting the uh armor, this was a big scandal during the bush years when you couldn't directly uh challenge the war itself, we all were in, we were all imbucated with that blood, we had all agreed that there would have to be... blood sacrifice after 9:11 that Afghanistan was not sufficient, that we needed a spectacle of redemptive violence. That is what we all understood. That's why honestly at the end of the day you talk too much about uh the specifics of you, who was selling the Iraq war, what else could we have done? Uh, someone had to die for 9:11, there had to be a blood sacrifice and it had to be commencer with the the wound created by it, the the degree of cultural fixation had to be matched. Afghanistan didn't do the job and you had people in power who were in exact position to direct that flow of anger, so instead of criticizing the war, which of course John Kerry, the fucking candidate in 2020, 20204, 2004 uh, voted for, there was a minute where they thought it was going to be Howard Dean, but everyone realized at the last minute, we actually all like the war, we actually all thought it was a good idea, all of us, we kind of did, and not saying everyone, you can say, oh, i marched against the war, people marched against the war, there was, yes, but among that crucial center of gravity of American voters, home owners, they were in favor of the war, broadly, and they didn't want somebody running to shine a shameful light on that decision, they wanted somebody who would like begons and that's why they settle on carry, at least that's what that's how they thought, maybe a left anti-war person could have like cut through the bullshit, but the soft little uh progressive marshmallows who voted in democratic primaries didn't have the sand to find out because they had to get rid of fucking Bush, so these scandals about the war were all they didn't do it right, they didn't give them enough killing supplies and one of the big ones was that the humers were not adequately uh armored, in fact there's a joke in uh arrested. about a uh the like the golf cart this golf cart having better uh like a golf carmobile thing having better body armor than a hummer okay so we've got a military skill first aid it's true somebody's asking about the dean scream I was there I'm older than most of you people. I was a deniaac obviously because I was a little I was a little good little uh left liberal still am probably in my heart let's be honest what else am i doing with my time but uh when Dean collapsed in Iowa like the two weeks leading up to Iowa as everybody got cold feet which is basically what it was like part of it was that Gepart basically decided to do a suicide run against Dean to stop him from getting the nomination, dumped all of his money and because he was the union guy, he had a just a spiggot of money from the unions, dumped all his money uh on trashing Dean uh, but it only worked because the fucking libs got cold feet, maybe maybe gephard help remind him of it, but they were probably never going to go for it, uh, but that collapse was so instantaneous and so dramatic, he went from first by... comfortable margin to sucking hind tit in two weeks that the whole thing was popped, there was no way he was going to win another major primary, and that dean scream was really just him acknowledging that, him letting out the barbaric yap to recognize that he the thing he was grasping for would aluding, and then we backward mass that expression, ah as the cause, and I think that's honestly how we think. about that's the main problem in our understanding of causality, especially when we're talking about politics and history is that a lot of the time what we're taking for causes are actually effects of things that have already happened, and the dean scream is an example of an effect that became causal because it was a specific incident which is much easier to understand and arrange uh in a line other incidents into a causality than an ambient thing, which is like hundreds of thousands of iowans just pussying out because maybe they they heard somebody call him a late. lip uh lipping latte sipping liberal or something i i somebody says they heard sucking hind tit for the first time since uh their grandma, i probably heard said it because i i'm rewatching deadwood and al just said that find out how much tolliver is paying woo, i don't want to be sucking hind tid on disposal fees, so yeah the dean. screen i think is what i would lead with if i was doing a uh any kind of political science uh seminar, i would say here is the thing that has been historically remembered as the cause of a campaign's collapse when it is actually the consequence of a deeper structural shift and i think all of our jobs as social social scientists is to not even like argue about it but just try to uh try to uh document that terrain, the deeper terrain than of the uh incidence, it's the drill deeper than incident, which is hard, uh, and it goes against - it goes against information's utility, because we can only really use information if it directs to the sort of causal thing that something like the deans. would be part of, and and uh, that's the thing, political stuff for the most part is not actionable, and so we don't need to extract that level of specificity, we can go, we can rely on the general because we're not doing anything. okay, the military skill here is first aid, first aid... emergency care given to the sick, injured or wounded before medical personnel arrive. many lives are saved by the quick effective actions of people trained in first aid. the two basic concepts of emergency measures are stop the bleeding, start the breathing. in addition, it is imperative to prevent shock and dress any wounds to avoid infection. all military personnel are schoold in first-aid. civilians can learn about first-aid classes by contacting their local red cross, cross or hospital. I mean what do you say about that? yeah, correct, don't really have anything that add, first aid, it's important. okay, this is another, this is another repeat, i think of an of the reserves card, i think we did one about the reserves, so i'm not gonna do that again, i think we talked about kent state, oh uh, did we have tel aviv or do we only have Jerusalem? man, there's a... lot of stuff about Israel in these cards, fucking foreshadowing the next 40 years of geopolitics, yeah i know where's the schwer, this guy was the kape tupi of the irak war, he was on tv every fucking day in the early 90s, this big brick shithouse, i think he was actually like the grandson or the son of the uh new jersey uh police uh state police commander who investigated the uh Lindberg kidnapping. Anyway, I'm talking about a guy and I don't even have a card, that's why how much we need schwarzcop. Anyway, uh, yeah, I think we did do Tel aviv too, business, intellectual, political center of Israel, yeah, scud missiles, we know the deal, there should not be this many repeats, very annoying, here, wait a minute, Austria, again, did we get Austria, I swear to God, we got Austria again, I swear to god we already did Austria. I'll just skim it otherwise, 400 years until 1866, it had been a continental European uh empire, they really dropped the fucking fumble the bag there. Vienna was considered the intellectual capital of Europe in the 18th and 19th century. Yeah, there was a time in the early 1900s when Trotsky, Stalin, Freud, Hitler, all live there. Uh after World War One, Austria was reduced to its present power in size. Ooh, sorry, Austria. Austria joined the United Nations in 1955 for operation desert storm Austria for transportation and use of airspace, well isn't that nice of you, we propped your fucking country up after World War II. Uh, it's 32,374 square miles, population is 7.62 million, the language is German, the predominant religion is Roman Catholicism, thank you Ferdinand. Capital of Vienna, government type, federal republic and the head of government. good old chancellor franz vranitski, i don't know what he's up to, probably dead, here we go, this is a bad ass plane, these huge planes are really cool, uh, this is a b25 or sorry, b52 strato fortress, a fucking strato fortress, okay, strato fortress, is this the fucking plane that that dipshit uh navy pilot like just belly flopped into a field at an airshow, anyone know that story, somebody knows that story. somebody shouted out into the comments if they remember that guy's name, it's like barnet or something, b-52 strato fortress, for more than 30 years, the heart of the strategic air command, the b52 is a long-range heavy bomber that can fly at altitudes of up to 50,000 feet. with the use of aerial refueling, the strato fortress can stay in the air almost indefinitely, more than 250 b-52s remain in readiness throughout the air command and 48 through hundreds of sorties during operations. desert storm so they just fucking annihilated places. i believe these are the uh airplanes that are being refuled erotically in the opening of doctor strange love. i'm looking this up since nobody is helping me. yes, that's said Arthur budland, that's his name. good old Bud Holland. Yep, a b52 strato fortress, if anyone's ever seen the video of that, it's just going sideways and then just right into the fucking right into the ground, and the guy was apparently a completely irresponsible maniac who had gotten into near misses a bunch of times and they just kept putting him in the fucking cockpit, amazing, love our military, manufacturer boing, our good friends at boing. you know boing is one of those guys where if all capitalistts acted like Boing you might be able to advance through productivity problems and like actually you know intensify like meaningfully technological inputs in a way that you know fixes things uh because what capitalist don't do is is once they have an industry they basically try to sit on it and use their uh influence over government to protect themselves as incumbant vendors uh Bowing came from a family that uh made their money in uh Timber which was the first big boom of post uh of uh the 19th century uh Pacific northwest like Seattle was a timber town and the bowings were timber barons and then the fucking airplane shows up and Bowing the dude is like oh fuck and he just goes down and like begs to be flown up in and eventually pivots to aerospace, he puts his company's capital behind like the development of this technology, which now none of them do, there is no room for that kind of of risk because of the the general declining condition of profit, the speed 595 mph, range 10,13. miles armaments for 50 caliber machine guns and up to 60,000 pounds of bombs or 12 air launched uh cruise missiles uh they've got machine guns, what are they for? are they gonna get like shot out of the sky? do they got to do like the flying the uh the memphis bell type shit? now you're not straping anybody in that are they? All right, uh, we've got noise, light and litter discipline, look at this nerd, they literally have a card about being a good boy and picking up after yourself in the army, and the guy they got on the cover is this dark ass private joker motherfucker, look at this, it's very funny, somebody, this is very funny, he's like, ah, excuse me, let me pick up that, what are you doing, don't leave that mr, mre there. during missions sold, please be quiet, i'm going to tell the sergeant that you're being loud, during missions soldiers sake every precaution to avoid giving the enemy clues to their position, damn right, they reduce noise by avoiding unnecessary movement, turning down radios and limiting talking, they cover reflective items and conceal flashlights, at least this guy does, he's the hall monitor who makes everyone does that, make everyone do that, uh, soldiers take all litter such as empty food containers to to collection points or... carry it until it can be properly disposed of survival is the reason for keeping litter to a minimum whether you are a soldier or an environmentally minded civilian how many of them actually did that i would like to know how many how many?s of fucking mr opened mRE were just left scattered around the Iraqi desert uh actually uh sir you said that you'd be having us do 200 more jumping jacks at the end of the run sir you forgot to give us jumping jacks Yeah, also burn pits much, how about some golf war syndrome? uh, intelligence file, ooh, palestinians, ouch, another touchy subject, I think I already said this one too, yes, we did this one too, these are too many fucking doubles, I am outraged. This is, it should be a full set. What is Golf War syndrome? That's a very good question. I don't know if there is a conclusive answer to that. One reason to suspect that is because it's called a syndrome, which is when when medicine kind of shrugs, because a syndrome is a constellation of symptoms, it does not imply a necessary uh single cause, and "a lot of the times that means that it's made up, you know, uh, and to what degree is Gulf War syndrome just PTSD that is manifested physically by people who can't confront their trauma, who knows, I don't know, but we certainly did love burning uh, trash pits of carcinogens, we love doing that, I mean Bow Biden did get cancer after being around burn pits in uh, Iraq, god, that, that is the most, somebody." really needs to do something good and interesting about the the Biden Brothers, because it's just it's too perfect, you got this guy, incredibly ambitious senator who's has want to be president since he was a kid, fueled by this deep uh sense of uh inadequacy, which all these guys have to have, and then he gets these two kids with who of course are born with the understanding that like this is their legacy, this is their birthright. and so one of them, the older brother accepts the challenge, he's going to go on the hero's journey, much like uh John Joseph Kennedy senior did, similar situation, also a fucking shanty irishman, uh, dealing with inadequacy issues and rating a brude and wanting them to advance, and uh, in the case of the Kennedis, JFK was a sort of a dissolute. cad and also riddled with uh disease and injury, his brother joer was all around Square John Chad, Joe Jr rather, and he was the father's choice to become president, and when PT 109 happened where dumb ass Kennedy allowed his boat to get cut in half by a Japanese destroyer, like way to go Moron, uh, he did some heroics like swimming a guy to safety, and uh, he gets you know a medal and he becomes a war hero. Joe's Joe Jr. hears about this, and he's a a pilot in the Atlantic or in the uh, in the European theater. Uh, he's in England, and he volunteers for a suicidal bombing run with an overloaded plane that as soon as it takes off, fails to achieve uh, total lift and smashes into the side of a fucking cliff. in a similar way, hunter, he spits the bit, he can't hack it, he's going to be dissolute, but bo takes up the challenge, and what does that mean? it means volunteering for the national guard, and then it means going to Iraq to be a Jag officer like Linsy fucking Gram, but he does it next to it burn pit, and so instead of fulfilling his father's destiny and legacy, he fucking... a brain tumor and dies, leaving the crack head dip shit uh as the only air. it's an astounding narrative. now the real drama would be if he was forced to take power uh, but right now he doesn't have to, he can just sort of take his dick out, which speaks to our general lack of catharsis of society, like previous generations of this guy had to try to take power uh, like JFK. after his brother died like RFK who is a very similar type of guy to uh hunterbyden, he did not accept the burden of of public service as a young man, he did heroin uh, but now late in life he's like coming to it, he's because he's coming to it through watching it on television, and you know, he's not coming to at it through having taken the burden, by hunter will probably never do that, but like he's just floating away into space, and he just loves filming himself smoking crack, which means it... shows how literally stunted he is because you know that is some fucking millennial zomer ass behavior like oh look at me it's not enough for me to smoke crack i have to film myself smoking crack like what the fuck man why what why why why do you have to reach out like this and it's like because of the essential loneliness at his heart fascinating character as i said and I do love the idea that republicans believe to a matter of existential certainty, which is that if a few more people than currently do found out about hunter Biden, they would uh vote for Donald Trump, they would switch, like they genuinely believe that, like the ones who do don't believe in you know like literal, the ones who don't believe in the literal argument for them rigging the election, because they want to appear more reasonable. less cooky than the ones we're talking about dominion voting systems and also they don't want to get sued they will say well of course I don't think that there are any tampering with votes, but the state suppression of the hunter biden story is tant amount to rigging an election that's the that's the smark version of that argument and it's premised on something that's just as delusional as is the fucking voting machine thing. Most people don't pay that much attention to stuff, and when they see the president's crack cracksmoking son, they go, oh, that's too bad, and it of probably reminds them of their own crackhead fail kids, and it makes them just feel sad for Joe Biden, it makes them feel bad for him and like him more even. And you have like people compare it to the Anthony Weiner thing, but first of all, Trump broke everything, and you have to acknowledge there's a pre- Trump and post trump era, that Trump changed the uh, the audiences, best word for them, honestly, electorats, uh, the way that they metabolize stories of scandal and uh wrongdoing among politicians, you just... widen the aperture, he blew out the o-ring, so you can't compare those media environments, secondly, you have the world historical unpopularity of Hillary Clinton, that Joe Biden does not share, Joe Biden was personally popular at that time, and the fact that with the with the email story as overblown as it was, you still have a thing that the candidate did, Hillary Clinton deleted a bunch of emails that were uh, that she had the same patard of like spectacle uh destroyed like pixystick children that you turn the elector into by unleashing Trump on them and then you want to complain about it, it's like i'm sorry, people aren't going to care about that, they didn't care about uh about smirnov and drapov and the uh Boris and Natasha doing shinanigans in Ukraine, they didn't care about that with Trump, they're not going to care about it with Biden, but for them it's like no, this is a thing that happened with a democrat, and therefore if it happened again, we would have won again, and it speaks again to the same confusing of signal to noise to uh cause and effect that plagues our understanding of politics. who left the coke in the white house? is probably some fucking like uh, jonah Ryan style dufis, like some fucking uh... young trying to be cool uh staffer. I swear to god we had Italy too, I swear to god we got Italy, god damn it, running low on new cards, I'm glad I like the litter one though, that was good, so I'll take that, we got the dud indeed. Yeah, I'll probably vote for Cornel West. I don't know, if might vote, might not, it who cares, live in California. I do like filling out the form, that is just a thing that is true of me. I, I, I got insorseled by the ritual of public awareness at a young age, and that meant having the act of voting turned into a meaningful act, and it's hard to kick that programming, and I got to say, they do mail in out here in California. It is the least satisfying way to vote, because my favorite thing about voting is putting it in the machine. god, I remember, so when I was a kid in manada walk Wisconsin, Manack had a voting machines, you know, like the kinds that New York City had, where you have all the levers and you go click, click click, click, and they pull thing and it like puts a ticket out, I was, and they had a little model of it in the in the news. paper like before an election they would show you a sample of what it would look like and show you who was on the ballot and i was just like, i cannot wait to fucking pull that lever, you know, i get to signal my autonomy, my my consciousness, my civic virtue, i get to seal my own worth by doing this cool thing, and i my first vote was at college and they did not have the machine, they had the scan t but I did like putting it in the like the I do like that and then eventually I moved to New York and I was so excited because they had the old they had the machine and then I got there and they literally changed that next year to the fucking scantrons but I got to say like the reason that Chamsky is right about voting for democrats is not about it's not the logic of voting for democrats that is actually probably wrong I think his whole he does. he doesn't understand the dialectical relationship between democrats and republicans, he doesn't understand that you aren't really holding anything back by voting for democrats because democrats winning elections is part of the process that brings us to catastrophe and that generates catastrophe every day, but his reasoning for that is, it takes five minutes, it's not a big part of your life, so if you think one party, one candidate would do less bad stuff, vote for them, and that is morally... deflationary of voting, and that is what you should think about when you think about voting. do not think, how will I you know stain my escution by voting for a bad person or you, how much I'm I'm validating all of the positive traits that I imagine myself to have by voting for the right person, all that is just uh, is just pettify, none of that is actually adheers to the vote, the vote gets thrown in the fucking hog sluce with all the other votes, so treat it like... that treat it like the hog sluce thing and it's like if oh it's the only political thing I do then how am i supposed to get a political identity and and maintain it yeah to find something else, and that's good, because maybe some of that will lead you into cooperative action with others. i think political identity just means more than any actual content, it is the idea of oneself as a political agent. and i think that that is one of the many sorts of. activity that this flavor of capitalism allows us to access and the degree to which we are attracted to that mode of embodyment and self-conception is going to be determined as most of these things are demographically and experientially things are going to happen to you they are going to drive you towards an relationship an emotional relationship to the concept of politics and the concept of being a politically expressive individual, and the underlying assumptions are of a recognition of oneself as a co-equal member of something. some social organ, like I believe that I am part of, and that my act of voting is an act of participation uh, in the churning of these organs that we are part of. I voted, I voted for Hillary in 2020, I did not uh, and I I had a lot of time, a lot of fun doing that, that that I thought that was a really good pick, still. She could win if you vote for her. Okay, I realized something to close out here about the uh Republican field. We've said for a while that um, the santis is the warren of the 2024 election. I think that's pretty clear, the uh overvalued, media-friendly uh internet candidate, whose uh, thinks they're leading a thing, but is actually trailing it, and now this guy uh, Ramswami. is the mayor fucking Pete, we thought he was going to be the yang, and he might still be the yang, but right now he's making a real push to be the mayor Pete, uh, and you might say who's Bernie, uh, there is no Bernie, because Bernie is good, so why would there be a republican version of him, absurd? All right folks, I hope we had a good, I hope you enjoyed it, hope you had a good time talking to me, I have a good time talking to myself, bye-bye.