 what did they do just when everything looks so dark man with the positive? in between, oh don't mess with mister in between. huh, don't know about that one, that's funny, you kids, what's up, remember it used to be dope, yeah, had full of fame, look what you're doing, now i know, well i know touch with reality, now my personality is not commodity, it used to be miss. Steve Austin on the mic six million ways used to run, yes Oscar golman go, I got loose circuit so loose, use the mother goose with the eggs that seem to beeling do do you not pack my bags cuz I'm out of here, my mama don't love me and my mama don't care read the papers, the headlines say dust up rapper got sold. Hey folks, hey folks, how you doing? just gonna do a nice casual Friday stream here, no Chris, no video gaming, just me in the chat, which I know isn't always great bause not all the questions are that good, hopefully you guys can surprise me here and give me some good ones, just hanging out, thank you for saying the shirt is nice, thank you, I appreciate that. I was thinking about that uh, I mean this is obviously very dumb and fascil, but uh, all right, you know what, I want us, this is good, someone says, what faction will you have been a part of in 1917 Russia? I would say a quote, maybe 25 to 30% of all online left-wing politics. that isn't connected to you know actual questions of action in the moment, but are fixated on points of sort of doctrinal consistency or purity, boil down to people fantasizing about what they would have been doing in 1917, i'd have been a fucking bolchevic man, i'd have been an anarchist, whatever, uh, the real thing is, the real fact. the thing that everyone should think of before they get into this kind of uh mindgamery and specifically before they get into the point of investing themselves in these questions having meaning and trying to reinforce their politics through this lens is that you wouldn't have been anyone because you wouldn't have been there. there is no you, there is no person that is you that is outside of the context of your life. if you Russian in 1917, you would not be you in any way. It is in meaningless question, and it's one of the things that makes... very difficult to talk about history, because people want to make it into a story that they can put themselves into, but it assumes that there is a thing, there is an essence to an individual that transcends their time and place and their context, there isn't, like what makes you is the sum total of your experiences with the world, and the experiences of the world are are determined temporally and spatially, so you would not have. there, you would not have been in 1917, you would have been, it wouldn't have been you, and people really get riled up about affirming like one or another political positions related to these questions because they want to have imagined themselves on the right side, but you're looking through a glass darkly at an entirely foreign world, not just in terms of but just an entire world, i mean Russia specifically, my god, in 1917 was a feudal world, a feudal order that had the that had modernity just dropped on its fucking lap, that had things like marxism, things like socialism, sort of transsubstantiated into... like uh emotionally invested sort of transcendental spiritual categories uh as like the old order died right then like the old it was like a it's like a a phase shift away from like uh a traditional understanding of the world into a modern one whereas in the rest of Europe in the United States that transition was much slower because development happened more evenly. And so you could not, being an American by god, being an American at the end of the 20, 20th century, beginning of the 21st century, when you are the most alienated, uprooted people who have ever existed on earth, the most, the most ironized. you can't put yourself in that world, because they saw the world differently, they their world was a different world, and I understand why people want to put themselves there, because it was a time when actions felt like they mattered, I mean and I especially get the fixation around the bolshevics, because we live now in a world where it seems like there's no hope for anything ever getting better, and more and the big reason for that is because there seems to be no place for human agency, there's nowhere for an individual to put their fucking shoulder and move anything, everything feels completely stuck because there are so many of us, we are so diffused, there's and and i think more than anything are uh our subject our subjectivity, our literally are being subjects of capitalism is enforced at such a diffuse level of technology, social technology specifically, not just actual physical technology. that there's nowhere, there's no winter palace to storm, and so 1917 where you have a small cattery of dedicated leather jacket clad badasses who amongst this giant throng of people all running around with chickens with their heads cut off in the middle of this long form crisis, this this death of one order uh, the only people who were like Lenin, the only people who are who are able to see the thread for where it is and direct at action, it's incredibly intoxicating, and that's why people want to imagine themselves in that position, because it is so much more preferable than being in our position, and i think that there's a there's a unspoken fantasy that if you can, if you can uh present yourself, if you can orient yourself around what you imagine that position was then, that you will be able to translate. that clarity of action to the current moment, and I'm afraid that's impossible, because uh, buse the circumstances are different, there was no middle order in in the dying Russian Empire, there was a massive fucking peasants, a disproportionately large, urban proletarian in the few places of significant urban development, a almost non-existent middle class layer. and then the Roman of family and like the fucking uh general staff just sitting on top of it and like the police bureaucracy. we are literally all of us middle subjects no matter what our uh conditions of employment are our relationship to capital, we have been uh, we've been bourjoified in America, by the process of like being the place where the entire world's uh economy is funnel has been uh organized around and funnel through for the past 70 years, and that means that that that the... that the pressure points and the mobilization elements just aren't there, because like if you want to look at the difference between Russia and Germany in 1917 and 1918, one of the big ones is is that the middle class has been bourgeoified in Germany, there was a big chunk of workers, not just party functionaries and union leaders, but also actual rank and file workers. who had been invested enough in capitalism that they didn't want to see some terrifying revolution that they didn't know what the outcome would be up, there was no, and so that middle class, that bourgeoification, it uh, it broke it s split the working class and defeted defeated the kind of uh focal point action that that the Russians were able to do because they were pushing against the rotten open door, this it's a... was completely there was nothing there, there was a few inbreads at the top, some army officers and then a mass a military that was mostly fucking conscripted peasants, it was a situation where where focus pressure and commitment and a frankly a religious faith in the project could have an effect, and so people want to want to imagine that for the moment, but the moment is different, the time is different, we are... different people in every meaningful sense of that, we are different people, and so we couldn't, we're not them, and they couldn't be us, that's why, that's why I find the like defending the bolshevics and defending the Soviet Union to be a pretty meaningless endeavor, it really does see... to exist, I mean I know people have rationalizations for why they think it's important because we're fighting against propaganda war and all this stuff, but most people aren't paying attention to any of this stuff, what we're really doing is uh, is validating ourselves, validating our uh, our purity and our imagined position in a historical continuum of action, that means that we would have been bolchevics in 1917 because we're defending them now. See i love this, online leftists are obsessed with 1917, spends prostelitizing about 1917. I'm not, this is a meta commentary for Christ's sake. I'm not defending one or the other sides, I'm saying the whole point is about uh, it's ego, it's not, it's not a political project. I will say that I think that the bulshivics were correct that they were the only ones who could have seized power, that there was no transition to - to a democratic uh, a bourjois democratic government because the bourjois did not exist, uh, but after the civil war and the basically the destruction of the Russian working class in the civil war, uh, I don't know, they they probably should have and and more importantly, the failure of the fucking European, pan-European revolution to happen, should have made them. probably stop and consider what they uh, what they really needed to do uh, but they couldn't because they at that point were were committed and had separated themselves, but like people fixate on Lenin because he was the guy who saw every angle, and he was, he was, he was unencumbered by the... of neurotic fixation on doctrinal purity and uh and correctness that paralyzed a lot of other people uh and that was because he was fully committed to uh victory for its own sake which when you're in a country like Russia only makes sense if you have assumed like he did the Tratskiite view that uh that there would be a, that it would be a spark to a revolution that would resolve all the contradictions inherent in trying to govern a giant medieval peasant society from the top. uh and then it didn't happen and he died and they had no they had they didn't know what to do, but it's difficult to imagine any situation where the Russian peasantry doesn't get just ground into fucking hamburger by the 20th century, because that's what happened to the peasantry everywhere, uh, if you were not to... turned into pesants in the least violent means, although still violent in western Europe where capitalism starts developing, when capitalism shows up, peasant societies are annihilated, and that more than anything is due to the nature of interstate competition. i mean, that's why the the Russian state decided to basically enforce capitalism. on Russia in the 19th century, even though most of the people at the top levels of Russian society had no real investment or interest in it, because they were in a state competitive framework, and state competitive frameworks are what made capitalism in the first place, there is nowhere else in the world that had the number of small and medium-sized states in close competition with one another than Europe, and once the... state system sort of spreads and solidifies, uh, everybody is going to destroy their peasantry, if they want to not get taken over, and then if you get taken over, your peasantry has been destroyed by your colonial overloard. Oh, the thing I was going to say before I saw that question is because I have the Sues Canal simulator thing here, um, it would be funny and like kind of over on the nose, if capitalist, if the world capitalist system was destroyed by a blockage and an artery, considering that that's the number one way that capitalism kills the people who benefit from it. like literally world having a world heart attack, you got to get a stent in there or something, or else she'll keal over like Nelson Rockefeller while having sex with his mistress, but yeah no, it's not gonna collapse anything of course, yeah, there's money to be made is the thing. what's the difference between a peasant and a yoman farmer? the thing about a... is that he owns the land he works on, which traditionally in in uh, in peasant societies is not the case, the landlords are local power brokers who have domination of the land, and then work, peants work on the land in some sort of uh tribute mechanism that varies from world, from system to system. Yoman is a farmer who owns their own property and works it for themselves. which is a thing that I mean I really do believe that is the foundational distinction between America's notion of uh democracy and liberty and and why we don't have a we never had a socialist party into this country and we never had a serious socialist vision is because notions of liberty in places where uh land that have a tradition of of peasant agriculture. have a social conception of liberty because it's because uh social relations were embedded and property ownership at that level is not something that the average person could imagine in America because it was everybody who couldn't hack it one way or another for one reason or another in Europe coming to the to coming across the water. to make their fortune, to make uh heaven on earth, whatever they were thought they were doing, were able to dispossess the native occupants of the land, and then subdue it without having to fight. uh against the traditional land owners, that meant that our American ideas of of liberty are individualized in a way that is genuinely, it's obviously wrong, but it's it's allowed to, it's been allow to persist just because we've always been able to replace the notion of autonomy through land ownership with something else, once the the promise gives away, like we were going to be the place where nobody had to work for anybody else, or not for very long, because everybody could get land, and then once that proved itself to not be true, we had a place where anybody could make their own business, and now like small business is replaced yoman farming as the ideal American subject, buse it's somebody who's who is able to to uh be free, able to able to exercise independent political judgement, because the big horror in American history is the idea that if you're you're going to get something for nothing, you're going to vote yourself in the public purse, which of course is nonsensical because everybody is here uh, everybody is part of... a political body uh and there's a general welfare, that's why the United States depended upon a subject race as I talked about on Wednesday, to make the whole thing make sense at all, which is why the civil war really was the chance to reinscribe America's conceptions of liberty, which we didn't get. I'm not going to watch the black and white justice league, that is a fucking, that is a, that is a bridge too far, no fucking way. I honestly, I remember the first trailer for it was in black and white, and I just assumed it would all be black and white, and now they just decided to double dip, very. Very clever though, somebody says this go around the block and go nowhere, that's kind of the point, it's going in circles, because I'm in a guy in a room, I have nowhere to point anyone, including myself, are the avengers cops? Obviously, that's the thing about Marvel and that's what makes it such a contrast with DC is that they do a very explicit job in the Marvel movies of saying that these people are essentially just uh extensions of the state, like fucking the Falcon can't even get a goddamn bank loan, whereas the DC uh heroes are a transcend state power. Is uh, what's the IRL anti-life equation? I think you all know what I'm gonna say it is, it's pretty obvious, it's capitalism. somebody says about asks about the maji restoration uh in contrast to the uh civil war and reconstruction, it's part of the same process, i mean the 19th century is i think my my favorite century to study just because it is it is when the uh when capitalism started to achieve uh escape velocity from settled human social orders and that was everywhere and always an incredibly violent process because settled orders have vested interests, they have ways of life and being that are embedded and time tested, and there will be resistance to their destruction, and I think it's funny that Eds Wick made two movies, Glory and Last Samurai, about two countries that had wars between capital and land, between traditional feudal orders, or or quasi feudal, whatever you want to call slavery, I know people get mad when you call it feudal, but whatever you want to call it uh, it was, it was certainly not, it was certainly a a ancient, it was not a modern form of of social relationship certainly, and neither of course was the feudal samurai order, and he makes two movies about those two wars and the good guys in the first one are the bad guys in the second one, because at the end what he's really responding to is like the romantic romantic story and the fact that he's an American and uh makes him be able to respond to it sort of just as a as a romantic exploit, but either way it's the same process, it is, it is the uh landed in the invested landed powers being replaced by a a order of finance, abstract value. Sushi indeed comped. This shit's boring, who cares, somebody's asking me about wild wild west, the I just found that movie to be very insultingly terrible, was it was bad, i'm sorry, i mean i don't know why anyone would argue, i mean it's i guess like oh, it's about a a black cowboy in the west and he's against the confederates, so it's like it's got good politics, but i'm sorry, it's it sucks, it's bad, people asking about salmah's butt, i'm fairly certain that's not her butt in there, that's a stunt but There is an amazing scene where Kenneth Brana who plays uh Dr. Loveles as instead of as a dwarf which he was on the show as a guy with his legs blown off uh and Will Smith are just trading abilist and racist jokes to one another which uh I'd be interested in seeing the response now it'd be funny if that got if that scene got cancelled now because it's it's very problematic. Why are there so few good civil war movies? It is amazing, I mean it's like it's one of it's our foundational, one of our most important historical traumas, uh, it's one that I know for a fact is very captivating to many, many people uh. and yet there's almost no good civil war movies, it's very weird. I mean, yeah, I know that a lot of it is because of the lost cause and how that that just from a narrative perspective, let alone forgetting about ideology, people uh, want to you know graft some sort of nobility to that cause, uh, yeah, it's like, yeah, we got wester. instead, it's like, forget about civil war, it's too messy, let's just talk about what they did directly after that. I mean one of the big problems I think is that just from a standpoint of uh, I mean maybe who knows now, maybe it's too late to ever have a good one, but they always made, they always made we're able to save money by having reenactors to the battle scenes and civil warrian actors are all like fat old guys, so the the battle scenes are terrible. somebody says we need a 30 years war movie, that would be pretty intense, i i would like to see that, there's there've only been a couple 30 years more movies to my knowledge, there's one with Michael Kane where he plays like a Swedish cavalry officer who shows up to a town to rate it, I never saw that one uh but yeah, I mean, you want to talk about something that could be deeply metal, something about 30 years war would be pretty intense. I've always thought another interesting one would be, um, would be Bacon's rebellion, specifically because uh, when the the governor called out troops to put down Bacon's rebellion in the Virginia colony in 1675. uh, I want to see if I can find the quote here, I might not be able to find it, but they apparently dosed the uh, the the militia that they sent to put down the rebellion with uh, with Jimsom Weed, which is a uh, poisonous helucinogenic drug. Yeah, I got this quote here uh, so yeah, so they made Jimsom Weed soup while they were going to put down this this uh, this rebellion against uh, the governor uh, and the colonial authorities, and there was a quote from someone who put it. uh, it was a very pleasant comedy, for they turned natural fools upon it for several days, one would blow up a feather in the air, another would dark straws at it with much fury, and another stark naked was sitting up in a corner like a monkey grinning and making mous at them. so i just love this idea of you've got this like uh rebellion against colonial authority, these guys trying to you know throw off the shackles and the way they get people to go and uh and kill them all is to just get them fucking ripped. yeah, mk eltra, exactly. yeah, a field in England is uh, is is in the same vibe, but i think that uh, i think the bacon's rebellion would be even more sort of edged. so that's on the Amazon union drive, i mean i'm rooting for it, obviously i don't have, i i i don't have anything i can do, i don't know anyway to help it, but i'm certainly rooting for it, it's it will be interesting to see if it uh does lead to more attempts to unionize amazon workers because that actually is. in a post-industrial economy an actual strategic node of production or at least distribution that could be leveraged, so which is why you're going to see a very concerted resistance to it, and that's the real question is, like we kind of know where there are the points to to hypothetically organize and and create leverage, but they know them too. and they're gonna try to all everything they can to prevent it. somebody says what's the best uh house in game of thrones? saying martell is easy because it's like hey they're like kind of poc and they're they're cool with gender equality and they like drinking spicy red wine and being poly so that's a little too easy it's certainly uh it's not the fucking uh gray joys the fucking iron islanders just the worst fucking assholes oh just jesus shut the fuck up so annoying i do like our house manderlay buse it's just a bunch of fat dudes just a bunch of fat dudes just piling in and being like soup's on motherfuckers we we got kicked out of the riverlands and now we're going up to just park our asses uh by this river and just eat. Yeah, you, by the way, uh, this is, this is actually a, this is, this reminds me, so obviously George R. Martin is never finishing these books, I mean, he's had a year off from anything else that he has to do, and yet he has nothing, which means that he isn't going to finish anything, and it's... not because he's lazy, it's not even i think because he's uh like too anxious or that he's too undermined by the fact that the show ended, although honestly the fact that the show has its ending, even if it's good or bad, i know someone read the books, as soon as the show came out, the last episode, it really did kind of make you go, uh, i don't really care anymore, i mean i would like to see more books, but i've lost that desire that i used to have. but I think the thing that really did him in is that he is trying like what he has created with that world of his, he got so ambitious about it that he's no longer trying to like wrap up a story, he is trying to like describe an a epocal like transition of a social order, and that's just too big of an ask, that's just too many plates to keep spinning, like especially for somebody has stated on like interconnectivity as he is, like the way that the the Bennoff and weice were able to end the show was by just dropping everything, drop like forgetting half the shit and just focusing, and he can't do it, I don't think he can do it, I mean he's trying to like end the civilization or like lead to a or or or describe the transition of one civilization into another one, and when you're doing that, I don't know the... that's too big of an ask like look at what uh like um uh the person he's most he's often compared to as you know the guy who invented what he's doing uh uh tolkin he didn't do that tolkin just had the fucking elves leave he just said yeah the elves is over the elves are gone uh and so now the humans are going to do something and good luck to them. like he would have to actually have the entire social order be a subsumed in some way and how the hell do you even figure out how to do that? it's it's way too big he he bit off more than any one man in a greek fisherman's hat could chew. What about a death of Stalin style comedy based on the assassination of arch assassination of archduke Ferdinand? I know somebody who wrote that script and it's really good, so it's out there, probably never get made, but uh, it's out there. someone wants me to know about Eugene Merman, that's such a random, where are people getting the idea of the questions, it's really baffling. What is my skincare routine? well, thank you for asking, but I did not have one, the writing, it's going, I mean, I don't, I, I have a very hard time uh, i i have a hard time writing without editing i do it, i have a lot of transcripts and stuff that i'm trying to shape into something, but i'll admit it's it's it's been a struggle, i hope to have a i have an idea for something that might help kind of break the log jam in the near future, i'll keep you updated, i'm just the thing is i'm not really a writer, i never have been, you know, and now i'm trying to be and it's a... It's tough to learn the right habits when you haven't really been doing it that long, that much. How did I solve the sues boat crisis? uh, just get a bunch of helicopters and lift the boat. seems easy. I do like that they're going back around the cape of good horn or the cape cape of good horn cape of the cape of good head uh no the cape of good hope i like the were like it's vasco to gamma time all over again. i don't think that uh "I don't think that they will be leaving Afghanistan, I don't think that there's, I think at this point there is no incentive, there's no overriding incentive to get America out of anywhere it is in right now, the the fact that they're failing, the fact that they don't they're not doing what they want to do or they're claiming to do doesn't matter. At this point, I think, I think China more than anything." is guaranteeing that we will not leave Afghanistan, like if we're really deciding that China is the new enemy and we're going to do cold war 2 with China, now that the war on terror is no longer a real useful uh uh predicate for our military economy uh Afghanistan is still crucial to that too. and there's lithium there too, oh man, forget about it, yeah, no, they're not going anywhere, and honestly, yeah, the heroin is a big part of it, I mean, there's there's zero way that we are not getting a huge amount of fucking uh uh money in put into the system one way or another by by the opium trade out of Afghanistan, I mean the the the taliban were were eliminating opium before the US invasion, and now it's where 90% of the world's opium comes from. in a similar way, there was very little opium produced into heroin anyway in the golden triangle before the Vietnam war started, and then all of a sudden boom became a world center of heroin production, the same time that the U.S. uh, network of of transports is moving shit all throughout all the mountain regions of uh of Southeast Asia, just coincidentally. I wouldn't be, I mean, I, I don't know too, I, I don't, I don't really want to get into the whole thing about the weagers and everything because it does seem like it's a classic busy box for Americans have nothing else to do to try to convince themselves they're waiging a propaganda war that no one's paying attention to and that doesn't matter, but I would not be surprised if you saw some uh some sort of insurgency being uh seated there by the United States. what ends us global higenomy? the dollar, but again, you know, it's sort of a chicken and the egg thing like. the dollar is dominant because we are the dominant power in the world and it its value is dependent on our military and it our state robustness which is tied to the military so uh I do wonder how much of a paper tiger the American military is because it does seem like it just exists to you know... make money for people and uh build boats that crash into each other and planes that can't fly, and that if there had to be a real contest that there would not be anything there to really uh to to work, but of course that's why we're going to try to avoid one, which is why the whole thing with China is so interesting, because uh, you know, we can't fight a war with China. It's absurd, it can't, it can't exist, but at the same time, bringsman with ship with China is also necessary. honestly, yeah, fake war with China would make the most sense, get all the real leaders in a room, not Joe Biden, of course, but the real leaders in the room and say, okay, let's let's coordinate this thing, let's let's figure out who's going to get bombed, where, what losses we can accept, uh, and then coordinate and and orchestrate a up, a a build-up conflict and then a down that like manages the tension uh and it wouldn't be the first time i mean the gulf war was basically staged uh just without poor saddam hussein really knowing what was happening that is i 100% believe that the gulf war as large said did not exist did not take place. uh in the sense that it was a war that the United States uh provoked, allowed to happen, in fact set up to happen in order to uh establish a new uh military order in in the aftermath of the of the class of the Soviet Union a unipolar American led world community that would be able to... act anywhere in the world and that would justify the maintenance of America's military-based economy and not have to worry about that peace devidend that uh that people in power were terrified of having to deal with after the fall of the Soviet Union, because if the United States had really not wanted Saddam Hussain to invade Kuwait, there were plenty of times that they could have told him not to do it, instead they explicitly told him to go ahead, we didn't care. so that he would do it, and then once it happened, we could go, oh shit, yeah, no, never mind, we're you're actually Hitler Jr. and we're going to blow your ass up, and that's the crowning achievement of George HW Bush's career, this guy who behind the scenes for 50 years was knitting together the forces of the deep state and uh, walls. eastern capital and sunbelts, oil and defense money in and then into a viable machinery for power through the... instrument of the republican party uh, and then was able to see through the end of the cold war, the establishment of a new unipolar world through the fucking literal staging of a fucking war, and then he goes down in history as a fucking loser because the GDP dropped for three months in early 1992. It's it's one of the great arcs of any American political figure. I we really should do an episode about Bullworth, that movie is is maybe the most 90s, if you want to understand 90s politics, it might be the single best movie for for getting that moment, forgetting the sort of pre-911 malays, the the sort of the the the feudal dream of some sort of truthteller cutting through with Rap. I do listen to lex g's podcast, if anyone wants a uh movie podcast, I highly recommend Lex G, not only because he uh, he has, he's a good rock-on tour does a great talk about uh, like his personal relationship to movies, but also and I think this has been... very important, he and also will, I will say this is also, you know, trying to establish a new mode of criticism, is trying to transcend the current critical moment, which is that basically the only film criticism that exists anymore is entirely content-based, the only reason to talk about a movie is to talk about its like the the themes within it, it's politics, that's why you talk about a movie, like what the characters relate to, like they who's my friend, who's my enemy, you know, what's problematic, what's not, and I feel like that has really reached a point where there's it's total diminishing returns, what I think is going to come back, and I think Lex uh, and Will are hopefully going to be forefront on, is the return to an aesthetic critique of film. where you talk about the way that it looks, the way that it's set up, the way that the scenes are the way it's edited, though those those things, the actual form of the film, uh, and like yeah, vibe, and lex g had an episode where he talks about sheen, which is a thing that you never hear anybody talking about when they talk about movies, which is it's the color grading, it's look. how you movie comes out, no one's going to tell you what the sheen is, they're only going to tell you about like whether it's a good or bad movie in the culture war basically, i i think that there's going to be a return of criticism that deals with the actual formal elements of film, which i think is good, so yeah, lexg podcast, it's on uh, it's on it spotify, of course it is an acquired taste because he is a special figure and he's a uh idiot. syncratic voice to say the least uh, but it's if you if you want to hear someone talking about movies, it's it's not like anything else you're going to encounter, that's for sure. i just watched close, i just rewatched close encounters of the third kind last night, that's so funny that someone asked. It's uh, I enjoyed it, I haven't seen it in a long time, uh, it's good, it's it's, I don't know, I don't, how I really felt about it though, I mean now, the thing is like with Spielberg, now that I kind of imagine him as this like, Avatar of the new world order, it's hard to really watch anything of his through a non horrified lens, Speelberg is gonna make a movie about his childhood, hasn't that been like all of his movies? but I did i did, I i did, I will say that yeah, in in close encounters I did relate poiantly to that. restlessness of the character, that that inability to to like accept what's around you and that that uh that yearning for transcendence, and then the fact that he just gets it at the end, like oh, here are the aliens, they want to take you to space, it's a little uh, it's it's kind of jaw dropping in its narcissism really, but it's very well shot. the alien, the the UFO shit looks good. I haven't watched the suicide suicide squad trailer yet, I've heard that it's nothing but soy dialogue, which I'm very excited about, thank goodness. I got to say I'd rather see the the airs cut because Ayers was such a weird choice for that like he's a guy who just makes grim cop movies and then they have him doing this thing with all these like and then they had to apparently he made it like a grim cop version of suicide squad that took the suicide part very seriously and then after all those snider movies were not performing as well as ones they just panicked and cut the whole thing up because there was a fucking trailer that had uh like a Bohemian Rapsity in it that everybody liked so I would like to see just the full grim version the grim the full grim air cut of that just as a contrast release the Dan Schneider cut. the tan Schneider cut could only be screened uh at like in front of a sealed grand jury i think yeah premiering on little st james exactly i think that speelberg is just demonic because of his complacency, like his, like you contrast him with a guy like uh, like Cameron, you know, his, he is, he is at the top, he is an, he's supposed to be an artist, you know, and he's he's been, he's been to the top of power, he's he's hung out with presidents, he knows what's there, and every one of his films is devoted to telling everyone, especially in like the last 10 years, so that everything is basically uh as it should be, like a panlossy and best of all possible worlds and i don't know how you can have his ability, his connection to power and his connection to honestly horrifying figures like his dreamworks uh partner David geffin and put that out there without any kind of uh of awareness, it seems like he's... his his movies exist to to to lull you and uh yeah that's why i said that maybe his most biographical movie is actually temple of doom. Have I addressed the Biden stimulus bill yet? I people have been asking that, I really don't know what we're supposed to say about it. I mean, I guess the only thing I would like to say about it, maybe we'll talk about the show is we seeing people act like... oh FDR is back baby, we're neoliberalism is over, uh, very, very puzzling, I, I, I do not understand this, I mean, I guess I understand it, people want to, they want to imagine, if they're in media, if they're in left media, they want to imagine that they're having an influence on things, like, yep, we did this, we we pushed him left or something, uh, but it seems like it's it's like, we have gone to a point where where they've starved the the grassroots of the... economy so much that that stimulus was like just necessary to keep the fucking water wheels turning uh and the idea that it is some sort of permanent new a new a new consensus that is somehow durable and is going to be uh able to resist the inevitable pressure to like uh to reinforce uh neoliberalism i it seems It seems unsupported, I mean just writing people checks is the literal least you could do, and more importantly, it doesn't actually change power relationships in any significant way, and that's what you actually have to look at. If they passed the pro act, that'd be one thing. If they passed the pro-act i might drop the monacle out of my eye a little bit, but I ain't holding my breath. but the good news is none of it has anything to do with me, so or you or anybody, we can't really do anything about it, i mean yeah like the cobra premium thing is a perfect example, oh my god they're paying everybody's cobra premiums, that's just an insanely giant just uh check to the fucking insurance industry, that's just money to insurance company, so that's not you're not changing anything. you're just you're literally buying off the the top constituencies. okay, i'm uh going to log off here, we'll be back next week to talk about the last two chapters in Wednesday of reconstruction, and then hopefully we'll be back on Friday to do another hangout stream, maybe have uh Chris, we'll see. Bye-bye folks.