 Oh my god, hurry the hell up, this question is how long as hell, oh, you got to click on that, all right, there I am, ah, there it is, they got a new setup here, twitch, I wasn't familiar with it. Hey to everybody uh, did I dunk on Chamsky? I just said he was a liv, just trying to be uh descriptive, not uh, uh, not pejorative. The pejoratives are all filled in by your your cultural context, and that's why so much of trying to communicate politically is made difficult, because you're trying to translate across different. symbolic like different symbolic orders, like people have different words that mean, the same word means different things to different people, the same word, used by one person, that's very difficult, it makes translating across ideas very hard, we're lucky, we're able to do it at all. so uh, i have grilled. since the grilling uh of the steak and I'm planning on grilling after the stream today uh because I want to focus, but I got to say, pretty cool, uh, a lot of very satisfying and delicious and easier than it looks, it's one of those things I'm finding out uh that my father and uncle sort of had these you know masculine abilities that as a child appeared almost magical and then you know when you grow up as a as a stunted manchild you never really pursue them partially because you feel like you haven't earned them and then you eventually do do them and you're like this isn't that hard i can build a fire and i was like building a fire not hard grilling with charcoal not hard uh but i do want to get more ambitious i want to do some seafood soon and i really want to do um uh i want to smoke something i want to smoke a big thing i've found out about the snake method with the with the fuse of coals. about you got to put a a tray of water in there, i think i got it, and oysters too, i got a plan for oysters, so what's going on? yeah, i have a big hunk of pig, i want i want to smoke, gonna smoke that, smoke on that lound pig, gonna smoke that lound pig, the lound long pig. Brisket is so, I've heard, I've had so few brisquets professionally cooked that I liked, I don't think I'm going to have a lot of uh luck doing it myself, but I mean it's cheap so I'll give it a shot, yeah see that's the thing, I got to figure there's got to be a long as they say a a steep. but since it's a cheap cut, presumably you can, you can keep experimenting. what's going on guys, what's what do people want to talk about? i'm pretty uh pretty up relaxed today, no particular agenda, nothing, nothing is grinding my gears as Peter Griffith would say on the family guy, everyone's favorite show, oh i knew someone was going to ask about chaz. uh, I think that the whole chaz deal is really really just really, really uh, it's a it's a it's a powerful uh descriptive teaching tool just for exactly how uh we've sort of been conditioned to to think about politics and and and society on the internet, it's it's this absolute uh, this thing that you look at and it's happening in front of you, and even in an arrow when we're all claiming total knowledge of everything right, because everything is at the click of a fingertips, obviously we can know anything pretty well to make certainly we will we know everything well enough to have fucking opinions on them, how many people? wraps so much of themselves around opinions about foreign policy and things happening in countries they've never been to, where they speak languages they don't know, but they still feel confident enough because of their access, their access to information that they know enough to have really strong opinions about it, and so the chaz has happened, I am across the country, most of the people commenting about it one way or the other are not there, uh, so I don't really know what's going on there, I have heard everything that everyone has heard that it's like a uh that it's this dual power bastion of uh of of communalized living, that it's a glorified, it's a glarified, i'm sorry, that it's just a glorified park with - some infrastructure added collectively, uh, that it's a mad maxian hellscape uh of uh war warlords and robber uh and like robber kings, soundcloud wrapping uh dictators like a vs npol story and "I'm of course certain that most the information I'm getting about it is not correct or is motivated in some way or another by the people who are proffering it, certainly all the stuff about how scary and dangerous it is, the police have every interest in amplifying that, but so the stream comes out, the stream of information about chaz comes out, and people depending on their perspective on things like anarchism versus uh, communism or uh, reformism versus revolution, or electoralism versus direct action, or what people?" have strong opinions on these different strands of leftist in fighting, they're going to come to the chaz with their predetermined uh perspective that it's either a pathetic waste of time or the first green shoots of a of a revolutionary tradition that's going to carry on the work of the Paris commune and they're operating off of the exact same informational base right and they're doing the same thing without knowing it which is every piece of evidence that they see that countermands their idea of what the chass is is subject to rigorous, brutal scrutiny. Who said this? where where did this come from? where did this, who said what? what was the motivation? are we sure it's not a cop? what's going on? and anything that confirms what you already wanted to think about chaz, you, i mean i'm sure you'll give it a little bit of due diligence if you if you're trying to be uh serious and get. your takes perfectly sharpened, but you're not going to give it anywhere near the scrutiny that you gave the information that was against what you thought about chaz, and so that means that you have these people fighting over chaz on the internet that is literally fighting over to uh, to caricature uh puppet versions of the thing that's being discussed, the shadow versions and of course that's always the case uh. but to see it happen right in front of us and to see the the the conventional wisdoms immediately coaless and how the same informational stream is tailored to one or the other, it doesn't give you a lot of hope for the idea that the internet is uh on on balance better for social organizing because the theory is always oh you can get information to people but they're filtering that as that information is getting filtered through all these baffless It's being controlled by uh privatized corporate interests, it's directed towards profit, uh, and it's been consumed by people who have been further acculterated away from being able to recognize true from false information. So I would say uh, I don't know enough of what's going on at Chaz, I I wish them well, certainly, I don't want them to all get uh beat up. or anything or anybody gets shot by the national guard. I don't think that it is a any kind of real commune, I don't, I mean, apparently they're not actually occupying any buildings and they don't have independent access to things like electricity and sewage and stuff like that, and if you don't have that ability, you're not really independent in any way from the state, you're you're there essentially at the sufferance of the state, which can be withdrawn at any moment, and that I mean that's not that violates any definite meaningful definition of. independence or autonomy, if it could be resinded at any time unilaterally, then you don't really have autonomy, but i mean i don't think at this point a lot of people are actually claiming it is, they're just they're hopefully pointing out that this is one more unprecedented thing in a year of unprecedented things, which means that the old assumptions about what's possible are not holding, and it would be foolish to hold on to in fact given how fluid everything is, and i agree with that, it's just that that doesn't necessarily ark in only the positive direction, it it can, it can mean unprecedented in every direction. Yeah, that's that's a very good, that's very funny, I saw the picture of the of the farm they have, like and it does look like the matt demon potato poop farm that he had inside the little thing uh in uh, in the martian, I mean, okay, this is a good question, is the illusion of the autonomous useful for future? direct action that it's the question of that, the question of like self hypnosis and and and and uh enchanting yourself towards a goal uh is it is is more complicated than it appears because you can say people need to believe in order to to act and that's 100% true, you have to believe in order to act. now part of that is is is motivated by selfless sort of love, a universal love that allows for your personal body to be sacrificed for a greater good, but since we're not a really. culture, much more of it is, i want to do good in the world, make things better, see things get better, and that is in a completely different animal, and that is much less less harder to to to inculcate because of how hard everything appears to be, how few options for change seem to be effective or even within grasp, that means that people have less motivation to to to push forward, so there has to be a degree of self-delusion, we have to all delute ourselves. a little bit or else nothing can change my definition, but if you delute yourself too much, it fucks up your uh deliberative process and you end up putting all that effort towards the wrong things. It's very difficult, and I don't have an answer. And I think it comes down to the degree to which you balance all of these things, the degree which you balance uh, your investment in one thing with with your at least awareness of others. Oh, this person's apologize for making fun of my grilling relative to Starvrows. I wasn't annoyed by it, it's just that you you put us in direct competition instantly, and that really is antithetical to the grill pill, because as soon as you're comparing grilling, you have lost, you're now back in the marketplace. Oh, how am I going to beat this guy? Well, there's only so much, maybe it's not all talent, oh, maybe I can get a different type of uh, type of... holes, maybe i can get, and you're no longer trying to satisfy yourself, you're no longer trying to create a moment, you're trying to beat somebody else, that that competition will then be escalated through the market until you've completely cut cut yourself off from why you did it in the first place, but i understand that that's the instinct, everyone's instinct is to is to judge themselves relative to others and you know you have. do that in an objective sense just to know where you orientated in space, but you shouldn't put, you shouldn't put any heat behind it, it should just be something that you can acknowledge, like that guy's better than me at this, do I want to get better or does do I not care that much as opposed to being wounded, being uh angry, uh, no good. guilt is a terrible terrible thing to to uh to motivate uh behavior because for one thing it can be seated with something short of actually changing things like why why do you think white guilt is so preominant among liberals because it can be extinguished through ritualized acts like getting on getting on a cameo with Sarah Paulson and being like yo I take responsibility you don't think they feel a little cleansed after that. don't think they feel like they've done some rosaries, so that guilt washed away, has anything changed? nope, in fact uh, since there's so little positive, you know, spirituality in people, feeling like you've done something to absolve guilt is sort of all people have to feel like they're doing anything moral, since their day-to-day days are just mechanical transactions in the marketplace, so at a certain level you need guilt in order to absolve it. if there wasn't racism that would make it that that would be terrible for liberals, how could they, how could they hold themselves above the mass of white so they are economically superior that other than just saying fuck it and going so so uh social darwinist, they can't do it, social darwinist, i think i might yeah social darrowness. so they need the guilt and so they need that to always be happening and uh they're validated then by their knowledge of their uh guilt like the reason tennis coats is so popular among white liberals is because he essentially tells them, nothing can ever really get better because racism is so deeply ingrained in America, it's it's like in the DNA, it can't be eradicated, there's no, there's nothing to hold on to depry it loose, there's no there's no archimedian lever uh, and what, as you're if you're if you're a granite top, granite countertable ass white person who is aware that he lives in a wildly uh unequal society and a wildly wildly unequal uh global uh market. market place and society, and he is somehow on the top of this thing through, if he's a good liberal, he knows not much of his own worth or value, but through luck and family position and whiteness, uh, what, what, what, what reason does he have to have those nice grand at countertops when so many people don't, well he reads tennis coats and at the end of it, he deserves those counter granite countertaps because he recognizes that he doesn't actually deserve them. so that gives him entitlement to them, because why are things bad? not because of me, not because of my granite countertable, not because of the relessless, the relentless, socially destructive, vampiric demand of capital, that I am a fucking parasite on the top of, no, no, no, no, no, none of that, it's this ingrained racism, which I of course, through personal virtue mostly, not the fact that I was in a class of people who send their kids to college where they learn these as values and inculcate them as values. basically of manners of the of the uh bourgeois, like that is what school is really for, it is to give you the manners of the the bourgeois, that's what it's always been uh, and i mean beyond specific uh uh you know technical skills that you learn, which are for most people not that many, uh, it's it's networking and it's being inculcated into bourgeois morality, which in the current context is anti-racist, that is that's the hegemonic uh bourgeois. value system is anti-racist, so but to the liberal who reads tennis coats, no, no, I got that way through being a more sensitive person and reading Tennessee coast, not because I went to college and they told me this is how you be a rich person, this is how other rich people act, this is how people in the industry that you're going to want to uh succeed in act, and here they are, and oh, now they met you and they know that you're a good person too, no, no, no, it's a personal virtue, it was, they they rose up from the depths of white ignorance and frailty. to conquer the racism uh, which means that they deserve to be wealthy, it would, it's a shame for all those poor people, but the black poor people are being held down by those racist white people, and the poor white people, they're too racist, they can't, they keep stopping us from doing good stuff because they just hate black people more than they even want to feel uh have healthcare or even any kind of countertops, it's too bad, but well well, and look at this, now I have, now I have literally laundered my guilt about these grandit countertops to the effective change of nothing. I thought I actually I think Olaf Palm was pretty based, I mean if he did get killed by like the global. ladio network, which I think he did, uh, anybody, anybody they they sought uh worthy of destruction was probably pretty based, ruth first was pretty based and the south African police blew up her mailbox in Mozambique, Dag Hammershall was being pretty based when he was gonna intervene actually uh, as an have the UN intervene as an actual disinterested intermediary and a post-colonial uh uh conflict, and if that had been allowed to spread, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the theory about palm is that he was he was mobilizing anti-apartide setiment and mobilizing most importantly towards uh towards economic boycott, which was what they recognized, an existential threat as they recognized was an existential threat to apartite, and ended up being an existential threat to apartite. Father Cofflin Baster crinded uh anti-semitism is so cringe, I'm sorry, it's supposed to be the most base thing, but really it shows us that you just gave up on the fucking homework halfway through, everyone's like, these guys all think, oh you, you, you guys are all uh cringe soy posters with your capitalism as a as a mode of production that structures social relationships, no, no, no, no, no, it's a special group of evil wizards who who use everybody as a... puppet, which one is more plausible? which one is more west, which one uh corresponds to the beloved western uh rational tradition and empirical traditions that they claim to want to represent? evil band of fucking wizards or the idea that our social relationships are determined entirely by the productive forces and and economic uh structures of the society we live in, which are in turn entirely determined by the actual environment that we find ourselves in, the the material conditions literally as in land see resources geography. even wizards is easier to understand because most people are dumb, because uh, as august beb said, antisemitism is the socialism is of fools, it's when you're it get capital gets too hard towards the end and there's too much fucking math, and you say throw it away and just say, wait a minute, protocols of the elders as eye and it's a bunch of dudes in capes hanging out in a fucking cemetery talking about eating babies, this is way more interesting. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ours of labor power, times, uh, labor days. get this out of here, i mean that is cringe to run up the flag poll of your intellect that hard just so that you could post harder and and trigger the normies as though that means anything, pathetic. so that means that father coflin uh was in fact cringe, but then again you know he was an Irish american. haven't started Ulyssees that I finished Moby Dick, I'm going to reread blood meridian next because uh, I always kind of knew that it was, it it functions as a as an intentional sequel or response I guess to mobi dick from mokarty across the century, you know uh, but with the same sort of like the symbolic order flipped to land uh and you know Moby Dick into holden. Judge Holden uh and it's the same year too I think or uh it takes place the same year or around the same era like 18 yeah or it's it takes place the same year that mobidick was written anyway um but after just finishing Dick I thought oh that'd be fun to read him one and one as like a direct response to the other I think. that uh what happens in the jakes at the end spoiler alert is that the child the kid is subsumed within the judge, i think that's the final uh, it's his, it's his, it's his resistance to what the jetch represents being finally defeated, well it's I mean, I'm probably going to read a number of ones before I get to Ulysse, so maybe I'll wait, I'll I'll wait around till next year, then get it right for blooms day next year, I should read gattis, I've never, I never have, I minute, a lot of those guys have never really spoken to me before, but now I think I'm going to give them a look. Ah, my beard routine, I don't have one, I i have a beard ball, but I very rarely use it, and then it does kind of get itchy sometimes, but in the summer months, it's moist out enough that uh, it's self-cleaning, but in the winter it does get pretty itchy, when I forget to do the beard ball, I'm finally starting to get some gray hairs, I've noticed, it's taking a while, but they're finally coming in. I've never done duo lingo, I don't know how it work, I guess it's it's like it's turn, it's memifying or gamitifying learning a language, that sounds cool, I've never done it though, I could be, I, I've decided that I'm just going to go all in on English, because my brain can't really divide, literally, I have very bad math skills. uh infinite jest is good, i've read it, of course i read it before i got on twitter all the time, i never would have been able to finish it otherwise, but it's i think it's very good uh and i feel like if people, you now nowadays every all art has to directly reflect the current moment, you know, which is a pretty, it's a pretty shallow way to read literature, not a very useful one, and um also... creatively very uh very dull and static and and cuuse you already know I mean if you're aware of the world around you seeing it reflected in writing or... or in in film or something is not very uh interesting, it's oh yep, yep, yep, uh-huh, yep, history should tell you something about all of time, i mean a book should tell should have something to say to you about uh, universal conditions, because what that ends up meaning is that instead of being sort of uh instantly dated the way that most things that are explicitly supposed to be about now are, books that are more timeless. they get, they gain residence retroactively. this is all way to say that if a jest is one of the best things i've ever read that describes the current moment, it was written in the mid-90s and the things he talks about in there at the time were still sort of incimpiate, they were all, they were they were, they were currents, but they were they were not, they were hard to hear, the way that sometimes out on the prairie uh radio stational glance off with some barbed wire and you can hear a little bit of static as opposed to just the thundering din that they are now uh, but he was vibing on that frequency, and so so instead of trying to be about now, it's about the things that are making now, which means that they gain residence over time as the predictive power is uh increased, so I think it's good. uh Stav Rose's grilling look great, I have to say uh, he inspired me I want to do more seafood uh, because I think that'd be really fun, those those octopy look, yes, so nothing but respect for Stavor Rose, see i don't want to do it better than him, but he's like, oh, but like, hey, he's got, he's got octopus, I'd like to try it, seeing somebody do something good should give you, instead of making mad the... doing it better than you, it should give you inspiration, hey, that can be done, and if I want to do it, let's see if I can. It's about the motivation though, if you're trying to do it to beat the other person, then it will be a holo. If you're trying to do it for its own end or for an application towards a greater good, all of a sudden, the the corrosion of competition has been replaced with the convivial uh, social bonding of cooperation, without even having to say a thing, you're cooperating without words even being... spoken because you're not accumulating negative feelings towards one another and you're not entering into a entering into a destructive waste of resources, I'm definitely going to watch uh the five bloods, yes uh, they're finally, this is I think like the first times in quarantine that they dropped anything really good on streaming, um, yes, looking forward to it. i've played quiplash, it's pretty fun, i would like to play more. can you play it on here? i don't the thing is i don't know, i think that might be fun to do like as a stream, but i don't know how to do it. me and chris are gonna try to do try to figure out a way to go to the office maybe and stream from there, maybe some civ, maybe some quiplash. in fact i might uh, i might suggest in the in my uh in the chat but chat that that we do a quiplash twitch stream soon, maybe hit up the fym guys, jealousy rivalry is a better motivator than guilt, jealousy no, because you get the same destructive emotional spiral as you do with guilt, competition uh or uh can be if it's towards a goal, you have to be self-motivated is the thing, it can't, it cannot be, it has to be an emotion wrapped around a goal, and the goal is is is is emimonetized through action, they reinforce each other, it's very, it's it's it's it, i'd say the upshot is don't fucking you it's not. necessary to try to uh analyze other people's goal, other people's motives for anything, because how can you ever know, you'll never know, all you can even come close to approximating and not even then completely is your own, so focus on that, ask yourself why you're doing what you're doing, that's it, that's all you can ever do, and the promise i said with the internet is everyone assumes each other's motivations and as a way to contextualize their arguments, which means they're not really engaging with an argument, they're engaging in a process of evaluating a person, and and and and judging their intent, which is like I've said, it leaves you - totally at the mercy of people. who can speak the right words, who can who can mild the shebaleths, which means you're even though you're you have to be wildly paranoid of everyone, you end up being the most credulous rupe. how many people who wanted to dunk on the chaz thing instantly shared everything they saw, no matter where it came from, what how many uh, how recently the account had been created, any kind of chain of evidence that it had been hadn't been tampered with or emerged from uh forchan or something, no just seen it click on it. That's true with everybody, because it comes, it's it's it's going through the right shoot. uh oh boy, what is walking on the path of the beam? i've been thinking about this for a while and i'm trying, i don't want to get too esoteric, but it basically comes down to if you recognize the the the truth. that all human acts are predestined and predetermined by what came before them, right? there is no such thing as free will in reality, like i have said many times, free will is inextrably linked to consciousness, so everyone has free will, because free will is consciousness, but from outside every person's behavior is completely conditioned, what that means is it's conditioned. It's not just everything that has happened in the past, it's everything that will happen in the future, because the more antecedents you are conscious of of where why you're choosing to do what you do, the more you're aware of the inevitability of the next act, which is just another way of saying, deciding what to do next, so if you are fully, if you develop consciousness through like a spiritual practice, meditation. ritual and get to get closer, you are, you are making an effort towards getting to a state where you are aware and conscious of as many emotional and physical antecedents to your decision to the moment you're living in as possible, which means that it is easy for you to discern, not fully, but vaguely the the path that you should be taking. now it's already written down, it's on rails, it's on rails, but you can see it, or at least the direction it might be headed, uh, the the more that you are present and conscious in a moment, and that is recognizing the path, and then that reduces the emotional feedback, the emotional negative, the the fear, the fear and anxiety of of uncertainty. that deforms our choices and pushes us off of that path towards towards uh what is essentially it will still be inevitable because your brain you weren't there enough is the thing it's going to happen either way and that's the hardest thing to get around but you still have to make the choices and if you can see sort of a direction in front of you even vaguely you will make better choices and that will make it easier for you to not react to your next choice burden by emotional baggage. which is the real thing that fucks us up is that we are not operating newly each moment, confronting the moment for what it is, we're confronning it through the lens of all of our past experiences and the accumulated emotional responses to those, many of which are very, very traumatic, very negative and which we wrap feelings around beyond those that we're not even aware of, like that's the thing of 95% of the universe is marx five is freuld, and the five is the freud is that fact that we have a subconscious association between our our experience. for a long time because I said, I love the, I love people, I love this things in the universe, I can't imagine living in a world without love, now all emotions are still fully felt and accessible, but they are not. drivers of your behavior, you are not driven, at least you are driven less by desire, which pulls you off the bean. uh, do I have any desire to leave New York? I, I mean, I, I've realized now that I could live anywhere as long as I have the right environment around me, specific. of people, that's all I really care about, so I will go where where I think uh, the best best best human uh, the the best human ecosystem, and actual ecosystem, because that's going to be more important in the coming years, uh, exists, I was going to. move back to the mid-west, i think i would move to pitsburg, i love Milwaaki, but uh, pittsburg is just so damn charming, although I do really like open water, I am, I'm a coastal boy, I'm an inland coastal boy, those rivers don't really do it for me, the problem in New York is that you're never really aware that you're sit close to the water, it's very hard to get out there, it's like oh god to get on the queue train for 45 minutes just to see some water and also... the Atlantic, come on, somewhere in the pacific, the Pacific ocean, I mean it's the goat ocean, there's a there's a there's something about the Pacific, Pittsburg is just, it's it's this Paris of Appalacia and it's not technically the mid-west, I would say, but it is, it's a rust belt city, which is frankly one of those subsections of the Midwest that is uh. you know vendia grammit, it's because it's so much of a rust belt city and rust belt is so much a feature of the cultural identity of the upper mid west, it's like a it's like a cousin, the copters are out again today, we got the copters out, we got the counters out. What else you guys want to talk about? Chuck wenig. that guy, that guy is hilarious. uh, I mean everyone, the joke everyone has made about Chuck Windig is is that obviously nobody, he's not losing any money out of these free book sharing services because no one reads his shit, and I want, and so that makes some people think that he's uh, basically a front man for some sort of lars alrikkian anti-mabster cabal of more popular writers who don't want to get dragged for filth, and I think that's reasonable cuz like hey, Chuck Windag has never. education to destroy, he can, he could be the whipping, there's something to that, maybe uh, but also have, I think people undercount that he might the power of human delusion, there's a real chance to Chuck Wind thinks that the thing that is standing between him and like a stable career in uh um in the letters in the world of literature is that people can read a shit for freak, you might really think that once they can't do this anymore I'm going to see the duckets rolling. and i don't know what his day job is, but you'll get to quit it, and that's how people, if people have it out that uh, it allows them not to confront like the reality of their situation, they will take it, pretty much always, which is once again, what makes the internet so uniquely vile is that the internet tells you at every point, there is an escape hatch, there is a way out of this connendrum, there this the material constraints you find yourself in, they don't have to be worked through, they could be escaped by flying to a higher level of abstraction on the internet wings and that is uh, that's the that's what. traps us all and it's amazing how many people view themselves as materials can't see that every element of the internet is designed to give you instant gratification to alleviate every boredom, every every uh dissatisfaction of your life by keeping you on the internet, pornography for your loss, video games for your for your unengaged intellect, why the hell uh, but in every point, it's only there to stoke them further, to maintain your invest. on the in the internet uh as a market platform and as as a consumer platform, why would politics be any different? why would why would that it not um uh reinforce the same structures that it's designed to reinforce for every other human dissatisfaction? i think it's because people think they could outsmart the machine and you can do it once in a while, but it's a house out. wins type situation because you're on there so much, there's no way you can keep up your guard long enough to not eventually get swept up in the tie, i'm doing pretty good guys, thanks, thanks for asking, i hope you guys are all doing well, it's very nice here today, it was muggy and rainy yesterday, but it's nice and crisp, beautiful. Oh my god, Virgil and I have somebody says we need a benejezer version of the internet, Virgil and I have talked about that, yes he's okay uh, in fact we're we're we're we're in talks, um, but this I just had the this reminded me of a very good idea that we had together uh, and it was that people can't handle the internet, that is what we both have come to the conclusion of, people can't handle the internet. "we need to do a butlarian jihad against the internet, but not to destroy it to create by creating a mentat or benejeser type class of people whose job it is, who are selected for the purpose of absorbing the internet, and then they could be trusted to translate it to the rest of us through uh more um stable media, you know, writing, oral uh tradition." fill uh basically to be like a new art class and interpreting instead of the material world interpreting the internet uh for people so that they don't all lose their minds uh and i think both virgil and i agree that we can both be we both must it is our destiny to be members of this class uh but that there needs to be a real screening process and and and we need to uh orient us ourselves around happiness differently to acknowledge that yes, technically you are losing freedom by not being able to go the internet in in some sort of abstract sense uh, but you are gaining a a a lifetime of uh human connection, you are gaining, you are gaining a soul essentially, because instead of instead of sporting out all of your anima, all of your jussence into a dead cable, leaving you. the mask just an empty husk of of of of unutilized human potential. do you call that? could you call that in any meaningful sense of freedom? we don't allow people to sell themselves into slavery, nor should we? we can not allow people to make the free choice to to destroy all all of it could make them into a better person, to make them into a more complete, more spiritually intact person. um, so that they can alleviate from. the suffering of being a human by constructing a shadow version of humanity, a puppet that they can manipulate across cyberspace, meanwhile their body picture of dory and gray style is is is shriveling up, their soul is shriveling up, but there's good stuff on there, and it's very good for memes and uh and owning and uh, it's it's a very... fast, it's very frictionless form of communication, but you have to have a certain uh, you have to have a certain symbolic dexterity, i guess is how i would put it, to handle it, and not everyone can, i barely can, and then mostly can't, there are people who do it way better than me, i might not even make it into the mentat class if we had to do like tests for it or something, but it's sure shit cannot be everyone, that's insane. putting letting anybody just suck on that hose is nuts that we should not allow it. "my favorite building, that's a good question, i don't think i have one because i'm not really an architecture guy, i i don't have a lot of knowledge uh, not don't even really have opinions, vaguely in favor of brutalism, uh, like art deco, very normy, not a lot of stuff, so as a result of the art deco thing, i really like the chrisler building, in new york at least i really like the price for going uh, and also uh the Brooklyn historical society is like a red brick." terrakota thing, it's really cool, it's got a lot of busts on it, I'm going to have to i don't usually we rewatch these now that I'm feeling more moared, but I'm going to have to rewatch this one just to see if I didn't start speaking tongues halfway through it. Oh man, when you think about what they did to fucking uh, what they did to uh, Madison, was it, Madison Square Garden, pen station, what they did to pen station, my god, just like you want to talk about the taliban, that was the fucking taliban, uh, yeah, pen station is like an experiment in human spiritual degradation, how much will you take and for how long? being just squeezed into, it's a test to see, can people live in a habit trail, how long can they exist as characters from metropolis before they just start chewing on each other? like rats cornered in a fucking edge in the in a dead end of a sewer pipe, very bad place, very bad uh very very bad juju there, no thank you. Union stations nice, there's a lot, there are still some really nice train stations in this country, uh, uh, the downtown train station in philadelphia is really nice, union station in DC is nice, uh, we were just at the one in Boston, that one's not bad, but uh, penny station is an absolute garbage dump, I have talked about Napoleon a good about uh on on preview. previous youtubes, i've never even started know, that's that's that's felix's thing, i think i'll have to do a lot of reading before i can get around the noud, although now i think i understand the appeal more than i did, you know turning the hum drum into something profound, obviously that's everyone's task uh and therefore it should be artists as well, but for a bit. What do I think it means that Trump clearly ordered the army to kill everybody and they said no? I don't know if it's that dramatic, but there was clearly pushback on an organizational level from the military against Trump when he attempted to uh uh call them out, which tells me definitively really, and I already thought this was true, but now I absolutely believe it to be the case is if Trump cannot do any kind of suspend the uh the constitution uh crackdown at um, us not have the election kind of thing like say or invalidate the results of the election if they go against him uh because they will the people who would have to carry out those orders won't do it uh and that it's not because they're great people it's not because they are are antifah it's because they have no investment in Trump Trump is just some guy who's passing through the the republican party has you know deep and necessary ties to uh the pentagon, but so the democrats and the perpetuation of that system, the duopoly is much more useful to them than what, shattering all of the illusions of democratic norms and governance for Trump over Biden, a guy who doesn't threaten them in the least, a guy who's going to give them more money and let him blow up more people, what would be the percentage for them to do it? now if you have some sort of like deep crisis about round an election like say: we have a 2200 type deal again uh and this time only way worse because half the states uh don't allow any absenty balloting even in the middle of a pandemic and have 12-hour weight lines and and there was are declared illegitimate by the other half, meanwile those people, those blue states, they all have almost all probably mail and vallots because it's a fucking pandemic, and those results are called instantly illegitimate, and then state governors start lake mobilizing, then you could have maybe a Thailand style thing where this petty political squabble is uh just wiped off the board by the military coming in and going all right, forget about this, you guys are too heated about this stuff, we got to give you a time out, we got to get you new people. people to rattle your cages, but not so much uh uh keeping you like uh within the fold and then maybe a couple years down the line it's like all right you guys is everybody cooled down is everybody taking a deep breath have have enough of the necessary like uh institutional barriers to military rule in that period uh gone away if so we can have another election. but yeah, they're not going to, they're not going to, they're not going to have a uh, they're not going to do a coup on Trump's behalf, they would, they would do a coup on their own behalf as as as what they imagine themselves to be and what we all imagine them to be, fantastically, a a non-political arm of government, now of course that's silly, but once again, what actually is and how people perceive it have nothing to do with each other, and and it's how they perceive it that actually dictates how they respond politically. "the people, the vast majority of Americans have faith in the military because they view it as non-partisant, that is why it's the only bipartisanly supported institution. that doesn't just mean those people, it means the people who make up the military, they're wrong, they don't, but they don't even know it, they of course it's, yeah, you're political, you serve the agenda of this you know dual duopolistic uh bourjois class dictatorship, but they don't know that." they actually think they're a political, that's how things like false consciousness operate, it's it, it hitss everybody, because nobody is aware of the concrete, people are only aware of its symbolic representation in culture, how are you supposed to access real things like the economy, or the mode of production, or capitalism or class, when they're not reproduced in the in the culture. when they're translated into things like race, into things like political party, into things like nation state, but no, i have said before that our most likely outcome of of an abregation of democracy is not going to be through a popular fascist movement, is going to be through some sort of officers cool along, along the lines or or or Egypt uh which seeks to uh neutralize a a a a a conflict that at the end of the day is not material, it is political, like this whole second civil war thing is going to be fought in the minds of the people who imagine it would be fought between half of the population, all of whom are equally invested in delusional notion of their government, their political economy be determined at the level of party policy and the level of party uh party politics. they they're shared, they're sharing that delusion. that can be remedied pretty easily by the deeper and more enduring structures of the state, like the military. All right, I'm going to be logging off in a minute here, uh, anybody else got a question, before i say adieu, oh, excuse me guys, uh red pilly you on the the treaty of west failia, it did not create the uh modern nation state system, that is in fact a back filled uh post-facto justification for later uh later figures, so there you're redpilled on the treaty of west failia, thoughts on left accelerationism, again i don't know what it means because unless you're... talking about things like voting for Trump or something, it's this confusion about material about about about base and superstructure again, observing that the only way. the things are going to get better is if this the current cultural and political deadlock is broken by a downward change in conditions uh that's not that's just a recognition of the conditions we're in, we're in crisis, capitalism is in crisis, the line is going down, is that accelerationism to point that out? i don't even know what, once again it feels like it's everything's coded with these connotations uh that are meant to file them around uh file them mentally around emotional responses, you're supposed to have like a emotional response to these things, because it doesn't seem like we're describing the same phenomenon, because accelerationism, it seems identical to to uh analysis and the current moment, it's just describing what the conditions are, i guess that's what I don't get. Uh, the fake black, the fake actors, black panther people, I 100% think that those are people who are trying to get uh clout for the gram. I know people are like, oh god, it's cointel pro all over again, and I guarantee you there's tons of cointel pro people all over the place, but why the hell would you hire real actors? That's the what the queue and on people say when they're like, look, the guy uh uh Derek. shavan looks like Bent Bailey from cash cab, why would you hire a guy who's been on television to become even more famous as a different guy, even without changing his face, it doesn't make any fucking sense, uh, why would you, why would you pick somebody who can be googled under you, actor or brand ambassador, you've if the point of it is to troll, I guess then fair on you, but if the point of it is to actually exert influence on the movement as it exists that it seems like it's counterproductive. I mean, are is there anything that would mediate against people taking this moment to boost their brand? Is there anything in our culture that would stop that from happening? No, there are only currents in this culture that would basically ensure that that would happen. Is flow from progressive part of Antifa? I didn't know that. but I might be wrong, I mean, I'm not guaranteeing anything. All right guys, uh, one more question and then I'm gonna, I'm gonna start grilling over here, hey, I'm grilling here, hey, uh, is, I know this isn't a question, but I do agree, Floyd from progress, flow from progressive, not Floyd. flow from progressive cannon do get it and has been able to get it for the last 40 years that she's been on television uh aflack duck also can get it caveman can get it the the pig on the uh jetski get it uh you know what somebody asked the moon landing is fake? that's a good question, i'm going to answer right now very quickly. uh, i don't know, i don't really care, and more importantly, what is the what's the point, what's the question about the moon values, what is it, what are you really, what is really going on, because right, conspiracy theories, the conspiracy theorizing is attempting to create a narrative around the world that uh, doesn't make sense right, because we don't have enough information, we fill in the blanks, and then that reflects a greater truth, like all the illuminati stuff and but it reflects the reality of capitalism operating as a class as a stealth class dictatorship, that is reflected in the conspiracy, the conspiracy of the moonlanding is basically we're too stupid to have done that, it's like with the it's just a it's a less racist version of the ancient aliens thing, we can't that humans can't build fucking pyramids, humans can't go to the moon uh and i know that there's been plenty bad about the space program and i know that it's now been collapted by fucking frauds and hacks like uh elon musk and a lot of it is rich assholes were literally trying to escape from us in the event of an apocalypse uh uh, but god damn it, i'd rather think we can fucking do something like that, cuz i don't know how the hell we're going to do anything else that matters if we can't do that, so let's it's better to believe it happened, all right, i'm going, so bye-bye, get some happy grillings, happy grillings, happy chillings to all and good night.