 there is a house in the couras and son and it's ben boy god how one mother? tell your children not to do what i have done spend your life in spin and misery in the house of the rising sun the air put on the platform the... all the chain, do we that ball and chain. I have not seen Oppenheimer yet tomorrow though. I'm looking forward to it as some sort of emotional catharsis you know in my uh relationship to that event to to my overall emotional engagement with, the second 30 years war and the the death of uh, the death of God, as soon as we split that out of God as any. any meaningful concept of god outside of the algorithm of profit and the value form was extinguished, so it'll be interesting to see how a kind of literal-minded uh british, very very British man handles that subject? i'm not terribly uh, i don't think it's i'm not sure it's going to be good, but it'll certainly be interesting one way or the other. by the way uh on our last desert storm set. uh one of the cards fell and I was uh did not read it, but I wanted to get it done because it'll bug me other uh if I don't uh and it's another country and it's Sweden, good old Sweden, good old Sweden, yeah uh, located on the scandinavian peninsula, northern Europe, Sweden has been occupied by basically the entire the same ethnic people for approximately 500 years, Sweden, that's a weird way to put that, Sweden gained independence from Denmark in 1523 for almost 200 years. Sweden has maintained a position of armed neutrality, and not just armed, uh, exported, they've exported tons of weapons, they were a huge uh defense contractor and military supplier during the cold war, and now they're not even uh fucking neutral anymore, they're in NATO, got to say uh, you, whatever you think of Putin's decision to invade Ukraine, uh, the fact that now Finland and fucking Sweden are NATO, that can't be a, that can't be a... success, that can't be a w, that can't be eighth dimensional chest, that just seems like a fuck up. Sweden joined the UN in 1946, for operation desert storm, Sweden supplied medical personnel, so some swedish doctors, geographic area, 173,731 square miles. population 8.4 million, language Swedish and Finnish, don't forget they've got Finns. Capital, uh, Stockholm, government type, constitutional monarchy, head of government, good old king garl, king Carl 16th, Gustav, I don't honestly know what the difference makes, I just know that if you're fighting to like push off NATO encroachment, having two of your fucking uh, near nearby countries joining it who weren't before, can't doesn't just seem like a good ide, it doesn't seem like the result of a successful endeavor, i don't know, although the Ukrainians are fucking completely fucked also, like their big counter offensive has grown down, uh, it just does seem like it's just going to be a serious style deadlock and just a place for money to wash in and out laundered through defense contractors and Biden family members basically forever. We're at the point now, if we're back to great power uh, conflict, or even medium power conflict, none of these war. can actually end and yeah it looks like Ukraine is just being stripped of all state assets and being turned into a libertarian uh playground which you shock doctor at work of course everywhere and uh combined in uneven ways so that's fun definitely it baffles me i just do not understand how you can look at any of... any of the conflicts we have currently percalating around the globe and be like, one of these is the good guy, one of these is going to fix something, the only way to make sense of the world right now is discrete national ruling groups, collections of capitalists and government functionaries, exercise power trying desperately and improvisationally. and uh without any long-term plan to keep themselves in their positions for another day, that's it, there's no ideology at play, there are no uh interests beyond uh capitalism's being served, it's just these national ruling clicks trying to stay on top. good thing we've got aliens. It is, it it does speak to how deeply we have become alienated from the government and from institutions that something that you know I'm when I was a kid if this it happened, some guy comes up in front of Congress and under oath says we have alien bodies and technology, people would have shit a brick, but nobody believes anything anymore, they're like, bullshit, you're full of it. It would certainly be nice if we saw some goddamn actual evidence instead of fucking testimony, but honestly even if they they produce some evidence, how am I supposed to know it's real? how are we not supposed to know it's fake? picks in the age of AI, how are we supposed to know that's real? the only, the only way it could happen is if we were addressed by the aliens. they cut through and around you know our institutions and directly addressed us, not even through our technology because I don't even think that would work, because who oh, it's on TV, well who's in charge of TV, I think it would have to be directly beamed into our brains, which I got to figure an alien species of or future humans, if you believe that, or transdimensional beings, with that level of technology, you could probably also just directly beam a message into your brain, and then the reality. of it would be made by that intervention. even then though you might see a civil war between the people who take their brain meld with the aliens at face value and those who insist that it is an advanced government technology. so i'm waiting, i'm waiting for the... aliens to give me the pink valles light and let me in on everything and uh and fix everything because we're sure shit not going to fix anything that's for sure although who knows how long we can improve our way through this thing you know that's we we can't underestimate just the sheer improvisational ability of the human race especially at this level of technological advancement because in real moments of crisis you the the uh day-to-day institutional barriers to addressing problems, they two tend to come down. now at that point addressing the problem is much more costly, much harder and much more traumatic than it would have been earlier, but it's still an address to the ball is possible. but yeah we're all waiting for uh Christ to return or Christ in the form of Donald Trump to return or uh or the aliens to come like a deliverance but yeah it's not happening we we have to be our own aliens and our own christs and our own trumps and that's the one thing none of us can really countenance and even if we can countenance we can only do it on an individual level we cannot meaningfully participate in a project oriented for their favorite candidate every four years and then watch tv, they do not want to actually do the work of taking over and rearranging uh our institutions, so everybody is just going to keep popping off like corn kernels in the microwave, having their own personal revelations and their own personal uh uh record. and some of them will coless into meaningful formations, other ones will burst off into uh the totally isolated venting, and the shape of the future will be determined by those brains, cooking, as it work. uh somebody asked about McConnell. Yeah, what if he did get the alien uh message? That'd be funny. I think he did grap himself. Although he is definitely in bad health. His lips were like bright purple, which means his his heart is is probably uh really straining to deliver him oxygen or his lungs or something. And his hands are of course just terrifying like w uh rotten plantaines. Uh, and he falls down all the time. So. anything can happen, would he be the first of these like ancient this generation, you like, i think you know strongman died, did he die in office or after he retired? uh, you know, those guys all killed over, but this will be our of our jarentocrats he would be the first to die, mccaine, the thing is McCain wasn't actually that... old, like he wasn't over, was he 80? he was 80, so maybe he was old, that's the thing, it's he didn't seem decrepit about the thing about Mccaine is, why does America have so much skits of? right now because how would you not? how are how what like uh liberals are just so baffled by why nobody trusts anybody in this country, but it's like they don't trust their anybody either, but what they do trust are the institutions, which is very funny, you know, nothing works except for these institutions which are staffed by true believing American patriots, but you know they're they're comfortable enough for the most part to tell themselves that, everybody else is uncomfortable to some radical degree, even wealthy reactionaries are very uncomfortable, they're culturally uncomfortable, and what what that cultural alienation does is it robs them of a future, it robs them of the the idea of like living in the future, either through their kids or if they're really rich, in their robot bodies, they can't imagine. themselves in the future culture uh, and so they're incredibly unhappy and incredibly distrustful of the institutions that are promoting that culture, and then anybody else who's actually suffering in this world, like worrying about where the fucking rents going to come from and how they're going to stay with their head above water has absolutely no reason to trust any institution, and you know we want our life to make sense. and we want uh to feel connected to something greater, and like this, this world has cut us off from each other so drastically, and and it is in cooperation that like we can kind of build that feeling, like that sense of closeness, that sense of proximity is through acting together, like it's when we're together that we feel less in ourselves and therefore we feel the most expansive, and we can believe in a world that goes beyond ourselves, but if but that desire doesn't go away just because we're isolated, what it means though is that we try to punch through the shell, the the glass box we live in and try to like touch the numinous, touch the the transcendent uh individually, and uh, to do that, you do have to go to war with consensus reality, because consensus reality simply will not allow for that kind of connection, the entire capitalist structure. exists to give you things to do instead of connect to a greater meaning or sense of purpose or aw, sorry, that's unavailable, what we do have are 10 million different fucking products. free to consume and a one of media uh commodities, stuff for you to indulge in to uh fill the void created by that inaccessibility of anything beyond you, so to try to craft it yourself without you know a healthy feedback loop with other people that could build an alternative uh uh counter hegemonic world that includes a uh an element of transcendence, then you're just going to head butt the fucking glass wall until your head shatters or it does. i mean yeah like traditionally historically there have been people who have you know breaken broken through reality and are relatively uh help uh way by individual contemplation, but that means depriving yourself while making these, well seeking, and the thing is, even though we're seeking, we're still caught in the greater commodity matrix, so we're still framing our search in materialist terms, instead of detaching from that, and even if we did come to some sort of like higher understanding, it would still put us at fundamental conflict with everybody else. in our lives, every institution that we are inmeshed in, like that's the thing, like people say like, oh Matt, form a cult, and it's like, ah, no, I know where that leads and it wouldn't be anywhere good, and to try to do it would be just to service, what is, you know, it is a noble search, because the collective search. meaning is what builds like uh institutions of justice, but individually it has a and and certainly in a hierarchical social relationship, it ends up just feeding the ego of the person who is making that choice, so I'm just, I'm just sitting here agonized upon the spit, getting roasted, getting spit-roasted as it work. got to get spit roasted, roast that spit, getting that spit roast on, let us do a uh, a quick pack, i really want to get through these because they're almost done, i think there's only a handful of these packs left, there's like two or three in here, yeah, oh wait a minute. Ah, there's more. Oh, the state national quarters. Actually, you know what, that's a good idea. I don't think I ever did the state national quarters. I don't want to do all 50, I will count out, I will shout out some really good ones and some bad ones though, faves and and least and unfaves among them, uh, my favorite of the state ones, I remember was Kansas, it just had a beautiful uh buffalo standing in a field i really. like that one uh, any of the ones with people on them honestly kind of sucked, like little small human figures, I'm going for in the flag sense, it's the same rules as as as flags for me, humans are the last thing you want to put on a flag, they can, they can work sometimes, but usually you're better off with something else. I really like Mississippi too, I remember that one, Mississippi was really cool, it had just a big blooming uh, magnolia bush. Now Hampshires is the funniest because it was the old man on the mountain which like a year later fell away fell off and is no longer there. so that's like you've been owned officially, the uh wisconsin one is very bad, it's it's they gave up completely, it's just a cow head next to a wee of cheese, it's like, oh my god, we get it, yes, you make a lot of dairy, congratulations, you don't even make the most dairy in the country, california does more dairy than Wisconsin, ah, but Wisconsin has more specialty cheeses congratulations, I'll tell you right now, having grown up in Wisconsin, we didn't steer too far from shetter, we weren't, we weren't uh, getting like a nice a fine she's selection before the tailgate party, it was just fucking chetter. just a block of chetter mostly, the uh Louisiana state quarter is very funny because it includes a map of the United States with the Louisiana territory marked like they're taking credit for that whole place, it's like this is those are word games, okay get out of here. honestly any of the ones that have the state in it it's a little bit like okay come on the shape of the state like yeah we know we know that's what it looks like it's like you've just given up yeah they're mostly bad looking at them now they're mostly pretty bad, very little here that's uh, terribly inspiring, conneticat is not bad with the big tree, oh wooming with the lady cowgirl, with the cowgirl bucking, the equality state one, that one's good, the good old constitution oak. All right, somebody, but I know now they have state, they have national park quarters, let me take a look at those, buse I saw one of those recently and I was like, damn, that's kind of cool, on this goddamn it. ooh gettiesberg's got one, sweet, come on, would you enhance finding these is becoming very difficult. There we go, get them bigger, there we go, Sarasota with the guy handing over the sword is nice, very uh, very sore winner there, I like that, I got some buffalo on uh one of... these that's good, yellowstones got a buffalo and the uh geiser, see, but they're standing next to each other, they're in a scene, the buffalo is in front of the geiser, they're not just separate floating in front of like a map of yellowstone, which is what most of the state quarters are like, a lot of these are civil war themed, which is cool, you got gettiesberg, you got vixberg, the mother of waters flows unvexed to the sea, okay? the Hawaiian volcanos, that's bad ass, erupting volcano quarter, that's cool, I want one of those. George Rogers Clark got a bunch of dudes with fucking muskets, can't go wrong with that. Oh yeah, Lols just got the uh, got the mill there, foundering, founding place of American industrial capitalism, hurray, let's all, let's hear it for the boys and girls, mostly girls, mostly very young girls, made lol what it was, i got that tr one, god that guy's got enough borders, or got enough coins, see if any of these are particularly bad, a lot of just ones that have birds, i got to say none of the bird ones are lowing me, just different birds. Ooh, okay, best one, definitely uh, what is that? It's got a bat on it, it's got freaking bats, that's cool, that's the winner, bats. I don't hate birds, it's just if if everybody's got a bird, like birds fly around, you know, they're not like, you can't really say a bird is is a is a permanent fixture as part of a uh national park, you know, they fucking migrate and shit. All right, let's do this pack, okay, this is another fucking uh repeat, the the star life lifter, the one with the uh the medical ship, or the medical airplane, okay, here we go, this is a uh aircraft carrier, this is not, this is not one we've done before, the USS America, terrible name, just youth. thought you took two seconds, you didn't even take two seconds, you just said, what should we name our American aircraft carrier? uh, America. One of the last carrier groups deployed in the red sea along with the USS Theoter Rosevelt, we saw that card last time, the USS America is modern non-nuclear carrier, non-nuclear, damn, how you power something that big without nukes, with a power plant of eight boilers fired by fossil fuel, hell yeah, her four geared steam turbines turned 20. shaft horsepower, good reminder that the US military is the single largest carbon emitter in the entire world, the single largest organization in terms of carbon output, the US military, that's right, the thing that protects us is also the thing killing us, the thing that we have to give tens of gillions of dollars to because the world is scary, endangerous and unstable, is the thing helping more than any other single institution to make the world scary, dangerous and unstable, you got to love the... contradictions, you got to live them in more than anything. targets of her compliment of fighter bombers include missile sites and airbases in western Iraq. Displacement 80,800 tons, fully loaded, length 1,746 feet, speed 30 knots, aircraft 85, crew 5,463 and those 72 marines again, those 72 marines love hanging out on the deck, I guess they're the cops, you got to make sure everyone's not bugger. each other, yes, it was very, very, it was incredibly perfect that Liz Warren's pitch on this subject was not, we need to drastically cut military funding and redirected to other things, like you know, climate stabilization, other in the rest of the world, it was green the military, spend the money on the military, but like... make it run on fucking uh solar panels or something and again you know from a reformist perspective the argument is well isn't that better than nothing and i kind of am at the point where you know when you see just how we are on autopilot right now you know cureaning towards disaster that is unfolding not even like hasn't happened yet that maybe it is worse than nothing because it gives people an excuse to just keep having faith in these institutions. and in ameliorative processes that cannot meaningfully change the trajectory we're on. okay so we've had intelligence files on Islam and uh Judaism, here we go, christianity, and we've got a uh, to to symbolize christianity, we have the couple of like what must looks like maybe a an episcopalian church in like northern Virginia, which would be very appropriate. Christians believe in one God is revealed in three persons: God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit. Got to say, Islam really did a lot of good work by clearing that up and just saying, forget that, these people are trying to threat a specific needle of making Christ, uh, like the Messiah, and since we're kind of, you know, we're moving beyond that, we're not part of that, you know, tribal arrangement anymore, we're out here. in the desert, we're not roman subjects, we don't have to have that specific uh role to fill, so we can just swipe that stuff off the road, be like, no, there's one god, don't worry about it, there's one fucking god, Jesus's death and resurrection restored the relationship between man and god. most christian denominations observe the right of baptism and communion, they have designated Sunday as their day of worship. i do like how how like alien removed that is, you know, there's no... assumption that the person reading this is a Christian even though you know uh heritage-wise they probably are. Followers 1.5 billion and falling. percentage of the world's population 33, founder, Jesus Christ. I don't know, did he really found it? I don't think he really can be said to have found it, because I don't really think Christ imagined a religion emerging around him. He imagined himself and his sacrifice setting about the immediate process of bringing the kingdom of heaven to earth through the... uh revelation that his death would uh generate, that didn't happen, then a bunch of guys had to scramble and turn it into a religion, which of course immediately you know lost its intended purpose and became a uh very quickly became mortar, slapping together the edifice of a crumbling uh Roman legitimacy. I'm putting these, so yeah, we got we got Islam, Judaism, christianity, they didn't really like talk about how Christianity is you know part of this process, Jerusalem being the city of the three religions or anything, very interest. South Korea, here we go, good old South Korea, so Korea with a recorded history more than 2,00 years, was divided into south and north in July 1945, after I think we did this one too, if not i have. Here we go, I know we haven't done this one, Germany, Germany, look at that, mad king Ludwig's castle, why don't we build things like this anymore, why don't we have tertiary syphilus and spend all of our families money and then drowned in a reflecting pool. At midnight on October 3rd, 1990, Germany was reunited after 45 years of division. At the end of World War II, Germany was divided into two parts, east and west. in 1973 each was submitted to the United Nations. On September 15th, 1990, Germany promised to contribute a $2 billion dollar aid package to the Gulf effort, damn as was the case with other effort nations, German companies sold weapons and war materials to Iraq before august 2d 1990. Damn, they fucking helped in this one, and you're going to throw them under the bus that way, no message of the United States fucking arming Saddam, geographic area 137. million 137,600 square miles, population 77.5 million, language german, predominant religions, catholicism, protestantism, capital Berlin, government type democratisha republic, the head of government, good old chancellor, helmet Cole, I remember Helmet Cole, big old, just a fat guy, just a big old Bavarian party boy, he would come and have, he would come over to America and hang out with Bill Clinton, they'd have a great time. This card just says peace, just as piece and it has a duve on it, it has a dove that honestly looks like it's underwater, again I have to comment I'm not terrible the these cards are, how can you not get a nice crisp sky blue background for the bird to pop off of, instead this is aquamarine, did they find this fucking uh bird floating at the bottom of the... pissed of thank you, this is like pissed of, and they have a quote here from Abraham Lincoln second and Naggril, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have born the battle, and for his widow and his orphan to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations. I got to say that is not my favorite part of Lincoln's second inaugural, because he has another thing he says after that that people don't talk about as much, they talk about that, they talk about malice towards none, but there's another part that uh comes towards the end that I'm a big fan uh because he says like let's have peace, but remember the war hadn't ended yet by that point, the south was still fighting. so he made sure to emphasize, you know, we'd like peace, but we're going to keep fighting until we win this thing, and he said, fondly do we hope for. fervently do we pray that this mighty scurge of war may speedily pass away, yet if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondsmen's 250 years of unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said 3,0 years ago, so still it must be said, the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous alltogether. he wasn't fucking around, shit like that really does make it feel like 1865 is a is a is a fluid plane in history that uh we got like the worst possible version of military skill teamwork yay we got teamwork look at these guys they're pulling on a rope they're pulling on a rope on a aircraft carrier some guy probably just neutral a a bomb shelter and killed 300 children and they did they did it with teamwork uh it is very interesting that after this they went with an army of one as their slogan showing where we got and now though they're back they they switched and now their pitch for the army is really like we have uh friends for you you can be friends if you join the army like look at these people they'll hang out with you you'll get beer you'll go uh bowling you won't be alone. uh and I have to say uh the only explanation for like what the siap value of this uh the alien uh revelations might be, I don't buy any of that shit about government funding for the fucking uh space boards, there's no man stopping them, there's no force standing between higher defense budgets for everything uh and approval by congress, so there's no need to manufacture the consent, the consent is beside the point, but maybe you're pitching to people to be like, hey, join the Navy. you'll see an alien, we got stuff, there's a reason to join the military to to to do public service, we you might see aliens. for every combat soldier, 10 people work in support, these troops, working as a team keep the fighting force applied, informed and directed, as in everyday life, practicing teamwork makes every job easier, and then quotes, whenever you can, lend a hand, damn, thanks, thanks guys, great idea. why did i think of that? all right, uh, donating blood, we need your blood for war, the war needs your blood, citizens, maloc cries for your blood, donating blood is a safe painless act of love for fellow human beings, that's true, during times of war, during war or peace, volunteers are always. to find a supply of blood for the sick and injured, a few minutes out of your day can mean the difference between life and death for your friends, family or neighbors in an emergency. for information on donating, contact your local red cross or hospital a very good uh message, it's just kind of sinister in the pack of war cards, does feel a little warhammer? all right, only a couple left here, we've got uh the the leader here, we've got shiek. Jabir al Ahmad El Sabah, I believe the head of Kuwait, the Amir of Kuwait, the guy who got his country owned by doing slant drilling across the border, and refusing to uh, get better, give better terms to Iraq for the loans that they owed them from the uh Iran Iraq war. Becoming the Amir of Kuwait 1977 Shik Alsabah is the 13th ruler of his nation Sabba dynasty. He began his career as Kuwait's first minister of finance. In 1965 he became Prime Minister, then Crown Prince. an air apparent in 1966. Kuwait supported Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war. Fake friends. The Amer escaped a suicide car bombers attack in May 1985. The Amerin his people were jubilant the day the coalition forces liberated Kuwait February 27th 1991. I bet they were born Kuwait, Kuwait, birthdate, June 29th, 1926. He's got to be gone by now, he's his one of his kids is probably in charge now, was tutered privately in religion and Arabic. English basic science, wow, way to fucking call him out, basic sciences, yeah, like he's not going to be able to explain to you how a car works, basic sciences, I do wonder what to what degree he knew the US was setting up Iraq to invade his country, was he in on that at all, did we like help him, encourage him to be intransigent, because I do think the only way to understand the Iraq war is as a uh as a geopolitical version of cops like pressing somebody into selling weed, you know, it's very appropriate that the uh the crack that George W. famously held up uh during his white house speech about drugs where he's like this crack was purchased 100 yards from the white house that crack had been purchased by a like teenage drug dealer from annastion DC who had been contacted by like deA informance and said hey i want some crack and he's like sure come over and get the crack and they're like no no come bring it to the reflecting pond you got to take it you got to come here and they lured him across the river so that they could bust him by uh the Lincoln memorial and he could have a photo up and then the guy got 10 years in prison for that. Iraq war was essential, the first Iraq war was just a geopolitical version of that. They send the uh, they send the ambassador to tell Saddam, we don't care about what happens in Kuwait, settle your business, and then our guy who we had helped install and it had supported throughout the whole ar. why would he have any reason to believe that we would not do that, and then boom, he's public enemy number one, Hitler, Hitler number one, an amazing, it's just George Hw Bush, one of the most effective demons of all time, and at the same time, a complete goof who was fully compelled to be seen publicly as as like a a powerful and virtuous public servant, even though all of his skills were... the black arts behind the scenes wielding a power, just an incredibly compelling figure, highly underrated as a presidential figure, and we got geography, good old Jerusalem, oh boy, the city that started all a thousand arguments and to christianity, judaism and Islam, Jerusalem has very special meaning, when Israel was established in 1948, Jerusalem was divided between it and transjordan became completely under Israeli control after the six days war. 1965 7. Jerusalem contains many historical religious shrines including the whaling wall, the mount of olives, gathesa main and the dome of the rock, the mosk of Omar. Apparently there are a bunch of Israeli settling jughooters are are descending on the dome on the rock right now, trying to literally start uh world war 3. 400 4,580,400, damn, specific, foundation, 1800 BC, location, central Israel, 35 miles from the Mediterranean sea, significance, capital and religious center, capital, that's interesting, do they mean capital of the palestinian territory, because Jerusalem was pointedly not the capital of Israel in 1990, that would have... been a huge provocation to at the time, but at the time was a live peace process, which of course has just been fucking literally murdered, the first death being uh, itsak rebein ever since so many others, but it's a dead dog, but it was a live wire in 90, they were still really in in good faith negotiating, and uh, yeah, never would have dreamed of calling Jerusalem the capital of Israel then. the rebene assassination somebody asked uh a while ago like what's the most successful assassination in terms of getting what you want from doing it as the person doing it and the raben assassination is got to be number one. like as you can just see like as soon as Rabine dies this process that had like actually developed you know uh in a direction uh of two states you know we can argue about how that was never have been viable in the long run but it uh was absolutely aborted by the assassination of rebine so you know the guys w did it got what they want and at sure wasn't that just that one uh fucking hick. uh, I would say not France Ferdinand because they the black hand didn't want World War One, they wanted Sarajevo to be part of Serbia, is it? Serbia got subsumed into Yugoslavia, they didn't want that, I don't think they wanted Yugoslavia, I think they wanted bigger Serbia, and there is a difference. honest and like the abe assassination uh, you know, what did it do, it made people? not like abe, which is amazing, and uh, it cuts sometimes between the LDP and the the moonies, but it didn't get that guy's mom or houseback, if he gets out of jail though, that would be amazing, if there's just like no hard feelings and sometime in the next 10 years that would be amazing, i mean even the JFK assassination, it's "well, if we assume it was, if we say it was Oswald, uh, if we take the government tack that it was Oswald, uh, because of some like desire to protect Cuba, I guess, is that what they say or just for him to be famous? I mean, if you take that as a standard, like if you just want to be famous, then yeah, very any of them are very successful, but if we assume it was the government killing uh, Kennedy, if you think that he was. going to you know initiate world peace then they definitely got what they wanted, they did not have that happen, but uh, if they wanted him, they wanted like for example Cuba to get reinvaded, and if the mafia was involved and they were to some degree, we know that, they certainly were hoping they were going to get their night clubs back, that didn't happen, Cuba did not get invaded and taken over. I don't, I honestly don't believe the idea that it was the death of American Democracy, that it was some sort of cou. I think it was the, it was just we've talked before, I've talked before uh to you about how a lot of the signal events that we organize our understanding of causality around historialy are... happening in the back wash of the real event, and then they get uh turned into the signal, the Howard Dean scream was what I pointed out, but the Kennedy assassination is another example of this, like the early 50s was when the battle for American Democracy was lost, between the death of FDR and uh and Isenhower is is when the uh the terrain of American Democracy for Post War World is determined and that's when... the rise, the establishment of the national security state and the cold war, those things determine everything that comes after, Kennedy was in no position to end the cold war or do meaningfully democratic governance, if anything he was a kind of uh kind of himboish horn dog who had you know some like naive instincts and and did not realize who he was dealing with, but yeah, at least at least for portions of the uh people who of the group that killed Kennedy, they didn't get what they want, anybody was involved because of cuba did not get what they want. but yeah, rebine, what did they want, they wanted an end of the peace process, what did they get, an end of the peace process and now we are uh at an endgame really where they're they're on the verge of just abolishing all of the uh, all of the facades of anything other than a a autocratic ethnostate. was truman or eisen hour more to blame for instigating the cold war, oh truman by a factor of a million, eisenhouer, what, he is just the guy, he was what, he was chilling out, he was the NATO chief and then he was the head of Columbia University when all the real important stuff was happening, he was being courted by both parties to run for president, and he considered them, he he was not political, like that generation of uh generals and a lot of them they still like... do this, they just as a rule, don't vote, and so he was like, ah, am i going to pick, and then the wall street faction of the of the republicans brought him in to prevent Robert Taft from getting the nomination in 1952, and honestly all that did was ensure the republicans won, I don't think Taft would have won an election in 52, any more than goldwater did in 64, the the... mood, the coalition of the democratic party was still very, very strong, like they had won, by that point, a majority of of black Americans, although not the number that they would get later, but like black people actually started voting for democrats during FDR's presidency, which really does undermine a lot of the more strident accusations about how racist the new deal was, like obviously the the new deal was racist, it was a racist time and a racist country, but black people in America perceived the new deal as being to their benefit, which means that it was not, it did not exclude them to the degree that a lot of people walk. i'm thinking it did, if it had, they would not have started voting for the democrats, which they did, and they had the whole working class, they had everybody who punched the clock pretty much, robert taff, they had the the mainstreet usa, small business types and farmers and they were that is not a viable electoral coalition and it wasn't. and you didn't have civil rights yet to really like split the party, I mean, you did have the dixicrats, but uh, it was not enough even to prevent Truman from getting elected in 48, uh, against Dewy. Yeah, Isenhower was along for the ride, and he was, he was running at a time when it was understood that both parties were fully uh, fully under control of capital after there was, there was a moment there at the end of the FDR term where it was a real life question as to who is directing the ship, what faction within the coalition of the Democratic party had the whip hand, was actually like uh making policy. and that was why the party bosses put their foot down in 44 that Henry Wallis couldn't be on the ticket again and the inability of the uh the popular front part of the Democratic Coalition to insist on that and to keep him on showed that they had over the course of the war uh lost their advantage. because the war tamped down class conflict at every level temporarily of course, it all exploded afterwards, but by that time you've got truman and the hacks back in complete control, and uh, with a policy of war against the former allies in the Soviet Union and their fellow travelers in the United States. which meant ripping the guts out of the activist heart or ripping the guts out of the labor movement uh somebody says wasn't the only thing truman did to piss off dixycrats integrate the military that was the main thing he did although it is very funny truman was like hilariously racist against black people i mean he was a Missourian uh but he he you know because for buse the generals told him that they needed it he integrated the military. but one of the big things that led to the the alienation between the south and uh the democrats in 48 was that in 48 the keynote address at the Democratic National Convention was given by the young uh boy genius mayor of uh Minneapolis Minnesota Hubert Horatio Humpfrey and Humpfrey gave this stem-winding speech demanding uh uh a strong civil rights plank in the Democratic. platform and the southern delegates walked out so it wasn't just truman like the entire like having lost the the terrain of geopolitics like uh you know the question of whether we were going to allie with the uh with the soviets after the war that was over that had been lost but like the domestic question of civil rights that could be one and so that is where the liberal part of the Democratic coalition turned their attention - it's like immediately and you know like a lot of people like to to uh take the like the liberal uh uh focus on race is some sort of like cynical attempt to not talk about class no it is what happened when the class war had been lost you're still there you're still want to make things better for people that is way to do so, oh man, there's a discussion about what town is the most racist in America. Oh boy, I don't think I don't how you could even quantify that the big, the most segregated big city in America is Chicago, uh, and Milwake is also, I think like if you remove the population, it's Milwaque, population requirement is Milwaque, that's so that's like one, it's like the i43 corridor there. And yeah, I don't how else you judge if not like just actual geography, oh wow, we're getting so many, we're getting. getting so many uh uh recommendations here, we're getting so many suggestions, yeah, I don't know, they're all, it's it's it's America, they all are, what are you going to do, we had a chance, we had a chance to ameliorate this in a way that did not leave it scarring our politics completely into the 21st century, but it it didn't happen, we didn't get it. Credit mobilier, somebody says, oh man, that's a great one. Over time it's like political uh corruption scandals in American politics get like lamer and lamer names, like in Grant's time, US Grant's presidency, you've got the whiskey ring, cool name and credit mobilier, also very cool name, then by the time you get to Harding, it's teapot dome which is fun and whimsical, and then you get watergate. which is really nothing and ever since then it's just been something with gates stuck on the back of it. and it's wild like Trump obviously has been like he's a comically corrupt president and yet none of his corruption like turned into a scandal with a cool name. but maybe those are things that are made in historically like if America makes it and we've got history. textbooks 100 years from now, they're talking about this period, maybe they will have pitthy names for the uh scandals of the o bungler and and Trump era. i hope that uh the hunter biden thing will be called cockgate, he got dome, that's funny, that's very funny, a friendly mammel right? more like he got done, very good, oh man, some of cilindra, ciliandra, everybody remember cilindra, soliandra, cylindra, that was a big wingle bungler, they gave money to a... they gave money to a uh solar panel company or whatever and they went out of business, i mean it was prefigurative though, because like we now have industrial policy again under Biden and it's modeled basically on cylindra right, like huge uh government guarantees for alternative energy suppliers, so you know they warned us about it, dang it, they warned us. Oh uh, I should plug this before I go, I'm gonna go, but I want to plug this first, I did a uh, I helped write, I didn't write all of them, but I helped write. quiz uh for the national academic quiz tournaments (naqt) about the reformation uh that you can play, i think you have to pay to play it, but also think that there are prizes, it's like five bucks i think, so yeah, it's naqt.com, and i read the questions, i read man, i wrote number of them, not all of them though, it's a very long test, and i can't really do a good job at that, i'm better at answering than asking them, but if anybody likes quizes and and quizing it up, you can uh do uh, like a college bull style twiz there at uh Naqt. the reformation with Matt Chrisman, check it out, I'm a I'm a quiz head, my extracurricular in junior high was knowledge masters open, is anyone old enough to have done knowledge masters open Kmo? It was a floppy disc that had a bunch of uh trivia questions and you would as a group just holler out uh the multiple choice answers quick as possible. We did pretty good. I believe we would we generally finished second in the state and we were always. defeated by this magnet school in Milwakee, fucking Rufas Qing, they stoled our freaking uh, they stoled our dang championship, they ate our lunch every year, so yeah, I was doing homework for fun, fucking nerd, all right, so yeah, play the play the game if you'd like. if not not my problem, talk to you all later, bye.