 do you make me swat gonna make you move? please don't dccae me please, i've got in my hand the polar black cherry, oh black cherry, bang a lang oh black bang lang, she's from alabang bang alang, it's good, it's in my opinion the best of the selters i've had, it's got. the most flavor combined with the most carbonation uh, it's the closest thing to actual soda you can have in terms of taste and kind of sweet and having the the powerful kick of carbonation. oh man, everyone's talking about that election still, huh? no one's sick of it, really after all that time, no one's sick of it, you don't think anywhere near the end people just get a little exhausted right beforehand, but nope, now the the news today is - after everyone was basically solidifying around the idea that biden was inevitable uh, actually hold on a minute, uh, not only are a bunch of right in votes likely to be uh not counted, but what's this? oh my god, the democrats are neglecting latino and uh black outreach and turnout just like they did in 2016. is it happening again as the big guy from twin peak said, i mean it could be, it could be. It could be, but I don't think so. I think the shift, the white shift in the electorate towards Trump is so significant, I think it swamps all other considerations, coupled with higher turnout than last time. To me, uh, that feels like all of the 2016 as and ask and reminiscent stuff uh is. going to be backwashed compared to that, but we'll see, but that's it, no more talking about the dumb election, oh see i already said, i already said it, i'm not talking, i don't know what's gonna happen, i said i think what might happen, but beyond that it's all luigi board, who the hell knows? hanging around in the bartway garage hanging out in my house yeah uh could Lincoln have won without Johnson in 1864 of course he could have that was one of the worst political calculations made by a political party ever and you got to give Lincoln some blame for that although I don't think it was solely his decision but the decision it was a very very very... Project Lincoln move, ironically enough, it was a gesture towards the uh, I guess you'd call them never Trump Republicans of their day, which were the unionist southerners and border state slave owners, and uh, the republicans are so desperate to appear to be this transcendent party that was not looking to declare war on its border states so that they could be kept in the Union. and not spook them out, not only did they try to do a compensated uh manumission in delaware, which the delaware slave owners rejected, even as the war was ending, which really proves that there was no way they were ever going to buy out slave ocracy, that was never on the table and anybody who says it is, like Ron Paul is a dumb ass, and so they not only did they not run as the republican ticket, they ran on the national union ticket, they got as the VP, instead of one of these scary northern abolitions, uh, they get fucking Andrew Johnson, the only uh elected federal elected official from a succeded state to have stayed loyal, he was from, he was a senator from Tennessee, and so they put him on there as the gesture of uh, of uh, all... branch, when it came down to it, he was, he won, thanks in large part to the military vote, the guy, the boys in the field voted for link. the the union army supplied a huge percentage of the votes for lincoln and they i don't think they gave a shit about some cultish uh border staters or butternuts but i got to say even if there'd been a radical republican in the svp i think anybody other than lincoln in that spot is going to lead make it hard much harder for uh reconstruction to have any chance of of of a greater impact or success, you really needed link there, we really, that's a real keyhole spot in my opinion, when you consider the flex, the the liquidity of the moment uh, and the stature of the ban is whatever you want to say about Lincoln, it's impossible to imagine the south the war happening the same way without him, and I know a lot of that is retrospective, but his mastery of the moment was such that you could imagine him in a situation that fluid and the aftermath of a war that he had steered the country through being a uh lightning poll for like progressive mobilization and concept and uh and uh like the awakening notion of like class orientation over race race orientation and he was the only one who could have done it. you really needed that guy, we only had four spots in the fail bracket, there are a lot of fails people we missed, i mean my god the entire Bush family is a bunch of fail people, i mean George W. Bush is somehow a two-term president and fail son at the same time, how the hell do you manage that? and then of course you got Jeb who's one of the failest, failest of all, but there's only so much room, and I honestly feel like even if you put them in there, uh, DJTJ wins, just because the the sheer desperate, sad nakedness of it. I would feel better, I would feel worse for Don Jr. if he didn't take out his pathetic insecurities on endangered species and like some of the most majestic creatures on earth, anyone of whom's life is worth that of 10 don Jrs. and look at him, he's trying to build a political career around his fucking of likes, i mean how much more naked can the desperation be, the government needs to make people like me more, that's what it comes down to, that's what that whole strain of conservative grievance is, that it's the government's fault that people don't like me. and they'll say, no, no, no, it's because they're throttling my content and they're shadow banning me and all, and if it wasn't for those things, blah blah blah, it all boils down to you're not as popular as you think you should be, pathetic, that's not a political concern, it's just a pure pathology, and that is why I think uh, uh, and that is why uh, fuck fuck somebody threw me off like people are talking about nickland in the comments i'm like what why are we doing neoreaction i mean we're a little beyond that aren't we are we are we wearing uh bell bottoms but no the reason that uh donald trump will never be president is because the naked need is too great, he doesn't even have the ability to give it a patina of uh like policy glass, like Trump's Trump had build the wall, and while I think that there is a core to the republican base that does care more than anything about their facebook likes, I don't, maybe we'll get there, maybe we'll get there, if if the if the snowman keeps melting the way that it is, the republican party is going to be more housebound and more delusional and more convinced that the only thing that matters is whether. people like them on the internet and therefore will be more responsive to a naked little mole rat like don Jr. We really need Baron to become the Quizach Otarach, it's really our only hope. He needs to marry uh one of the Obama's daughters and create the god emperor, it's it's. has to happen, it's the only way America's uh destiny can be salvaged from oblivion, because the the the the sirere of that union would in fact be uh clearly the either antichrist uh or uh Messiah, either way, the story is over and uh we will either get a thousand years of peace or uh or darkness. It would be really funny if Kimberly Gilfoil is the one who was able to have a successful political career and Donald Trump Jr. had to become go from being a a presidential uh son to like a senatorial husband that would be very fitting. Now bar, no bristle pailen, the palins are second class, the palins are not one of the... pure blood lines? are you fucking kidding me? two, two years as governor of Alaska than a national punching bag and then a failed campaign and then she what got a fucking uh reality tv show on instagram tummy tea ads out of it? are you fucking kidding me? obama, the last two presidents, the people who are able to will themselves to power through sheer uh craven need to be liked. the only difference is that obama wanted the like of the specific. cardier of elite power brokers, whereas Trump wanted the like of his dead father in the form of the mass of American public, i everyone who could possibly see him, and they both were driven to power, one through just a focused ambition and cold blooded pursuit of power, the other through a focused ambition on being famous and then, what's this? the fecklessness of one of these guys contributed to the degradation of the political process so that it becomes merely a question of entertainment, and what's this, the guy who's best at being famous is now also president? oh, so you've got the two strains of uh ambition, the two, the two blood lines of of will, of power, they're the first born, the the the uh, the firstborn product of their. blood lines coming together will be the napoleonic figure who embraces and bodies and subsumes the contradictions of American and in fact global life within himself or herself. so yeah, I'm going to say, Sasha, she's the older one, right? the older one and uh barren shall marry, i guess the younger one, they're closer in age, all right, me obama and baron Trump will produce of the god emperor of warhammer. somebody says who do directs the Donald Trump junior biopic, that's a very good question, so many were making a biopic or biopic is some weirdo say about Donald Trump Jr. Who would play it? Well, all the cocaine and twitchy energy makes you immediately think safties, and certainly they do good stuff. about people are in over their heads, which definitely is, but the thing is is that there isn't really an urgency underlining it, because trump is never in physical or financial danger. he is always going to be inored from anything other than just public humiliation, so you need somebody with less of an existential edge and urgency to their work. i don't think the coins, no, no, i don't think so, that donald trumpr is such a character and such a path, a fair character of pathos that you need a director able to provide more of a clear transparent screen between themselves as creators and the character, like what i mean is that if they if the cohens did a DJTJ it wouldn't be dj, it would be some cohen brothers uh like uh rif on it, which is would be interesting, but not what i would imagine in the ideal dj tj uh biopic, because he feels like a character who could not who uh cannot be parodied, it is just like a pure embodyment a literary character uh Alexander Pain maybe he does like that on we very well but Verhoven Verhoven would be funny but once again I don't think I want people are gonna heighten it too much I want people are going to play it relatively straight. like you guys are all thinking of these fun rifts and it's like okay that's an interesting idea but it's then you're if if that's the question you're not really answering who was making a dj movie it's who is making a movie that's going to feature that as like a side character or something like who is making the the this person himself as close as we can understand him the subject of a film uh there has to be a to Tod solons, Todd Solons, good choice. Adam could do good with like this like the absurdity of his character and stuff, but I worry that he would uh forget the pathos. Heidicker is not a bad idea, well hideker is such a... great channeler of Trump energy in general uh Heidicker of course would be very good, hey what if it was Tim Heideger, wouldn't that be funny? Tim. and Eric uh, Eric Witkensteinheim, scores, no, they're not catholic, nope, they're not catholic, are you fucking kidding me, harmony kirin. not a bad idea, but it feels a little basic, kunduon is a catholic movie, are you kidding me? of course kundoon is a catholic movie. No, I know Martin's corresy can make movies about about non-catholics, but I just don't think that the specific architecture of the this character's ongst is too orthagonal to his his instinctive understanding of of sin and uh and uh uh self hatred and like mortification. Danny McBbride and Jody Hill, yeah, I guess, also seems like one to one, Zach Snider, okay, we found it. Actually, Michael Bay in pain and gain mode would do well. I think, in fact, if Donald Trump Jr. could write a movie about himself and then have it directed by Michael Bay, I think that might be the greatest film ever made. has anybody ever said this about twitter before that it's essentially tech support for like the American experiment like people are essentially typing in their complaints about living in America, the way you go to you know uh amazon or something if your package doesn't show up but there's no one manning it like we're all manning it we're we're just manning it, there's no one actually like picking up the the message and responding to it, that's kind of funny, saftty brothers hunter biden on the other hand, now we're talking, buse you can see a death wish in Hunter Biden's behavior, that kind of you know... uh that kind of thing where uh that they excel at where you create this situation where in most movies the character the main character is like presumed alive and all and the joy is just following him through the things that pop up like their movies are the opposite is that the characters are doomed and the the tension is just what seeing how they're going to uh be annihilated uh and like that's why I don't think DJTJ would work because that guy he's a soft boy he's he he doesn't have the he does not have like the ambition of spirit that Hunter does to be that tormented by what a loser he is. He can get it all through getting coked up and going to CPAc and and share swapping Knock-knock jokes about the deficit with Jerry Fallwell Jr. He's never going to be in a situation where he destroys himself. I was thinking of Lars Vontreer, I think Vont Trier could do Donald Trump Jr. for sure, I think he could do hunter too, honestly uh, I'm actually going as Halloween tomorrow, I'm going to do an outdoor gathering and it's going to be a little cold, so I'm wearing, I I've got a combination, it's it's pretty, I think it's pretty brilliant, I'm going to wear my red track suit but with my Hawaiian. up shirt and then so I'll look exactly like Teddy KGB basically, but then on top of that to get meta, I'm going to wear my uh official uh crew member jacket from the film con air, then I will be John Melkovic, so I'll be going as John Malković, if I can find any other stuff in and around my house that I could relate to another. roll uh, that's what I would do, I hope to do. Yorgo, based on the favorite, I'd say yeah, Yorgos could pull it off, although I'm not a huge fan of his, honestly, I haven't really been blown away by any of his movies. Yeah, I know the... tracksuit as rounders, he's John Melkovic, he's dressed up like one character from a movie, he's wearing his jacket from a different movie that he was in, like he's on set maybe and it's chilly, dog tooth's okay, i never got what everyone loved about dog tooth, didn't really like the the deer movie with colin far, lobster i actively disliked. and uh the favorite was was just all right for me dog, it was like three and a half. i'm actually excited for if if bidon does win, i'm actually excited for the show for. shapo afterwards, because we're finally going to get to do what we had wanted to do originally when we thought Hillary was going to fucking win, which was to provide a like countercultural critique of a ruling democratic party. from the left that refuse to be absorbed into a coalition of government against the republicans because they're you know hey they're doing what they can or whatever bullshit operated under Obama and then we didn't get it and so we had to like coexist with these fucking this like resistance coalition this popular front uh and gets in there especially during this fucking massive crisis we're going to actually get to do what we always wanted to do. was to to par to polarize the relationship between the democratic party and the putative people who make it up as voters, and the fact that like i think that it will for a while anyway be a like a a a reduction in cultural like bullshit just as people take a breath, a breath, that's going to be nice too to just not have everything be just this frienzied culture war at all times, but "of course we don't think we influence national politics, I'm saying as an artistic enterprise that has value to me, I don't fucking think it's gonna we're gonna like destroy the democrats, it's gonna hopefully the people listen to the show can self-identify in such a way that can they can be a poll that other people are pulled towards, and if they aren't they aren't, they are to some extent, it's a question of how much and I don't know, I know it's not a lot, but the democrats must be destroyed, I mean that was true in 2016, it's way more true now, Demokratos delenda S, I mean the party must be annihilated, Belden program could help with that, hopefully. I think everyone should, I think anybody with a podcast should be cynical about their impact, because to do otherwise is to, I think lose perspective, because I'm trying to pull away every day from the idea that the that the discourse represents a real project, that the people engaging in it. even though it makes them feel like they're part of a political project, are actually part of one, and I don't want to in any way indulge that idea. It's outside, god, why is everybody freaking out all the time? I know that we're all in uh, we're in corona uh, apocalypse, which... Who could have predicted? But does, I mean, I don't know, is Trump right a little bit, like the he keeps saying that the deaths are down, and the thing is, deaths are down, and it also doesn't seem like anyone seems to really care that we're way over the like the records for transmissions. No one cares, like people are saying about another lockdown, I'm not even hearing even a glimmer of a of of a suggestion anywhere that they're going to lock anything down. like it does seem like we are without anyone being the one who's doing it, everyone with our eyes closed like foot on the gas but not holding the holding the steering wheel going we're just going to normalize this shit, it's just going to normalize, it's going to be a thing that you have to factor into public life and existence, working and going out, you might catch the dang rona until the vaccine. shows up, yeah, spain's in lockdown, but we're not going to do it, i will not get the rona i'm already, i i i i have, i I'm I'm fairly, I'm fairly certain until I get it, and then I will have always been destined to get it, it is pretty astounding how badly we're doing, but the thing is is that Europe's doing bad too, it's not just... the United States, you know, there there's something else going on than just America's specific frontier stupidity. and honestly that makes me wonder could like people say that Trump is responsible for all these deaths and I'm sure he's responsible for some because they did make a lot of terrible terrible decisions, but what if you think that maybe like it not being contained and therefore the waves just kind of echoing off one another instead of ever recess receiding because you can't get it the the lid the thing tightly enough? doesn't that mean that eventually you get to uh like the same level of infection regardless of who would have been in charge? i kind of suspect that we would be around this number no matter who is president, because like the Europeans are basically like there's they've got a they've got their... they're the slightly less advanced version of us, they're the less neoliberalized, less marketized version of us, like they still have cultural uh uh um, you know, they still have cultural resistance to full marketization, they still have institutions that reflect that, but uh, and I mean, obviously they are be having that stripped away by the marketization of life, uh, but it's in a less advanced process than ours. but the overall framework is the same because the results speak for themselves, Europe is once again completely fucked, even though they don't have Trump running around telling people that they're pussies if they were a mask. it honestly makes you think that Sweden, because they are the country of blank-yed lutheran zombies for whom life is a walking. shadow, neither good nor, just the the neutral planet from uh from suturama, they could look through all the baffling obfiscations of cultural denial, no, no, no, we're a country that can value life, and we can have it both ways, we can keep the economy and keep people alive, and we because we care about human lives, all this friend. lock down, lock up, unlock, and then no, they didn't lock down, and it goes through you, all you got to do is not care if you die, you just have to get to the end of the the the denial cycle, the denial to acceptance, and I'm not saying like that. would that's like better than a successful project, but clearly nobody had the capacity in the western world to pull off a successful fucking uh project of containment because nobody did. China did very well obviously uh Vietnam did very well and this. still doing well. New Zealand does not get to brag. They are two tiny ass islands in the middle of nowhere. Islands honestly don't get to brag too much, any island where you can just shut off uh the border to me does not get to brag too much. during the 30 years war, it was often commented that the Swedish soldiers were terrifying to the catholic army as to face them because they marched into battle with completely slack expressions, they didn't appear to be alive, it was like an army of the dead and people were freaked out by it, all those lusty bohemians and bavarians, those those uh those beer garden and uh... and vineard decadent catholics terrified. I got to say, the fact that New Zealand legalized Euthanasia but not weed, that one has got me perfuffled, because like there are certain social uh are generally also hostile to the notion of bringing uh another intoxicant into the realm of the possible so for because they are concerned about social cohesion like that's their conservative principle that is animating that you can talk about how it's all actually racism or whatever and it does about that too but that's like the the logic of it so they often run in parallel and yet people like yeah you should get to kill yourself but on it's now good i mean what do they think what do they think we does did they just get refer madness over there they just watched it cuuse if you've already got buse honestly like there are arguments to be made to you know interfunctioning society uh have restrictions on certain drugs I think once again not in this social order but in a functioning society to have a social taboo that maybe must be enforced in some way against certain substances just because of the the the way that they could you know be socially uh uh dangerous uh, but if you say any argument you make, any drug you make that argument for, if you agree that alcohol is is not one of them, then you have no leg to stand on on weed, i'm sorry, if you've got legal alcohol, then there is no standing to ban wheat, because alcohol is by far more socially corrosive than marijuana could. ever hope to be in any access you choose, so while I agree that there are theoretical places where the law should prescribe certain dangerous uh indulgences because of their socially destabilizing nature. If we have metabolized fucking alcohol at a social level and accepted that amount of uh, then this is not a society that is actually caring about social cohesion when they ban uh drug, and therefore weed should 100%. not be banned, so yeah, like the alcohol line for means that basically everything we call an illegal drug in this country should be legal, you're telling on yourself as a society, but why you actually have these things banned that it has nothing to do with preserving a social order, because you allow in this thing, and yes, they tried to ban it, and actually the experience of prohibition helped uh uh reform the American relationship to alcohol. American alcohol consumption plunged after prohibition, and there's a number of reasons for that, of course, the the shift from uh, people working on farms to living in cities is one of the big reasons on it. because you couldn't be shit faced at work all day, but part of it was the experience of prohibition, like made like the social relationship with alcohol fraught and made people reassert it, because you know one of the big driving forces of prohibition was the woman suffrage movement and it was considered a a feminist issue because women thought that men were beating the hell out of their wives because they were drunk all the time, and even if you might say: That's just treating a symptom, not the cause, it was a pretty blaring symptom, but what i'm saying is that coming out of prohibition, we had metabolized alcohol as a social ill, that means anything less than alcohol we can metabolize, and when you consider how much less than alcohol, many of the ones that are still banned are like any hallucinagen, certainly fucking uh, certainly cradom, i mean my god, get me out of here, Katie, bar the door. We love our cradom folks, don't we love it? I could never, I could the the the ephemeral pleasure of ingesting cradom for me would never outway the the visceral disgust of consuming it, people keep asking me about me maridona, why would i i mean i's a left wing soccer guy from Argentina. who cheated the Argentina to a world cup in the 80s and is allegedly a big fan of cocaine. How have hallucinations have not been absorbed into into capitalism outside of the black market? I mean in that sense everything's absorbed into every every every commodity is absorbed into capitalism and that is true. I mean, the the black market, like drug money undergds is the is the liquid engine of global capitalism, like one of the things that saved the global economy from a complete uh shut down in 2008. was the liquidity, the system that was injected in the form of massive amounts of launder drug money that existed in the global banking system, oh if you mean like like guys taking acid to like be better capitalists, california man, the california ideology, this that the post 60s turn after the cultural shift, the the after cultural change uh had had exhausted its capacity to change the political structure in the 70s, people looked inward, and in California, a bunch of people came together and said, the system is immovable, the system is corrosive, the system is soul destroying, we must transcend it by essentially seceeding from the system and creating our own systems, not as a class of course, but as individuals and the internet became the way that they did that, and they are so tunned into their notion of like innovation and technological advancement being the synicunon of human consciousness raising, like they basically looked at the failed structurs of American life and said, the only way we're out of getting out of this is a technological solution, because the political is uh is foreclosed, there's a technological solution to our social ailments, our social sickness that we all experienced during Vietnam, and the civil rights movement, the sickness we knew was in the heart of the system, and we tried to change it and it didn't work, we're going to change it technologically, and then they are so fully, they're so at base convinced of this fact that they are pursuing this hyper capitalism that is dissolving the world into liquid goo into fucking uh you know... robots of of exchange, they're accelerating, they're hyperaccelerating towards this point, because it's the only thing that they think can uh transcend our dying system, our dying social order, and so when they take mushrooms, when they take acid, they do the mind expansion, when they like commune with the collective unconscious and the eternal moment, they're doing it through the lens of technology, through the lens of applying the thin wedge of reality to like pry open the actual atoms of existence as opposed to uh you know the broader questions of why you would be doing that in the first place and that means that they're so far from that that and they're so baffled and uh self-deceived by the fact that what they think they're moving towards what they think that they're cooperating off of this road map towards utopia is actually just the algorithm of the value. form and of uh uh profit extraction and that's it, they are some of them know that, but many of them i don't think know, at least or they don't want to know, and it allows them to to uh, yeah, they've they're captured, and that's why you can never do the song, hey man, they should just spike the water or whatever, people bring to the experience of... the gins, their own minds and that could be changed, and the fact that you get hit orthagonally to your life can make that productive, but it doesn't have to be productive, if you hit the wrong thing, it clangs and then oh boy, like if anyone seen Mandy, the guy who leads the the uh, the cult that kills Mandy and provokes the rage of Nicholas Cage, Jeremiah Sand, who's sort of a a inspired man, a mansonsk figure, he's a guy who leads an cult and he's a former and failed musician, which is like Manson was, and there's a part where he has Mandy uh kidnapped and he's dosed her with LSD and he's on LSD, and he explains to her how in a moment of of transcendent, highness of of of of tripping, he felt like the universal forgiveness, you know for all, and that's the real component of any like spiritual experience. is is that that that touching uh on a knowledge of like how everything that ever happened had to happen the way that... it did, and therefore there is no blame, and therefore you can be forgiven. That is always there, and he says, I had that, but then he said, and that told me that that means that anything in the world is for me, and I can take it, and it's and then I can do anything wrong, and it's like, no, no, no, no, no, that you, you took a right wrong turn there, and that's because he was coming at it from the head he had, everything is just this. It's an incredib human human evolution of any kind, individual or or species wide or or or anything is dependent on just this random stochastic banging together of elements of of the collision that is mostly, usually either empty or harmful and occasionally good. Sparks flying in the darkness. but the other thing that happens when you get really like in a moment of of of uh if you're really tripping and feeling like you're really locked in somewhere you get access to something that is a universal knowledge and you get this realization that oh I actually do kind of know everything because like I literally am everything in a certain way and so wait a minute am i god. Am I the soul repository of consciousness in the universe? If so, I have to live forever, and I'm going to subordinate the lives of everyone around me and the future of my planet to a fantasy of me turning into some sort of eternal robot. Yes, yall motherfuckers do need spinoza, speak on him, baruok, baruk, barook, barook is on fire, we don't need no monak. let the motherfucker right. All right, I'm going uh, I'm gonna be uh signing off in a moment here, so I'll see if there's maybe one question anyone wants to ask, which president fucked the most, well. as much as you want to say JFK, since he died when he was 40, 45, uh, he probably wasn't him, so I got to go LBJ, lived about 20 years longer, and as he once said, I have, I had more women on accident than Jack Kennedy, had on purpose. Bill Clinton might be up there though, Bill Clinton seems to be pretty compulsive about it, more so even than uh Johnson was. All right guys. Please.