 All right, hopefully this works. Uh, it froze up on me, so I'm starting over. Hi, Kate. How's Texas? are they actually buttoned up in Texas or are they just like thinking that they could shoot it, shoot the virus? has it effected? uh the deliciousness of uh of texas hill country briskets, god damn i'm hungry, i'm eating these pockies, we're having et to fai tonight, i think that's going to be tasty, right now i'm just eating some pockies, which are i think a delightful and very uh convenient snack, they like little chocolate corn dogs, said we're having etufe monami, you guys aware that the um that the whole cagean thing like those people the the the french uh louisianans that they're there because of a massive act of ethnic cleansing after the French and Indian war, there was this group of like uh people who were descended from the early french traders to who had essentially intermingled with local Indian tribes and created a separate creol ethnicity called uh Akadians for theacadian mountains in the northern uh by quebec and uh in Maine and every there and after the uh the British beat the French the seven years war our French and Indian war, they said you guys are basically unacilitable into this trade empire we're creating uh you got to go and so they were transported to the nearest still held French territory uh in North America with was French Louisiana, so there you go, I know this person saying, I've heard of that, I, I know, not everyone has though, not everyone knows the history of this country, shit like that definitely doesn't get talked about too much, population transfers tend to get under talked about, I have to say victorys of communism putting all covid deaths on the the communist towel, it's pretty good, also puts all vermocks deaths and um like auxiliary uh militias that carried out the holocaust they're all in the the uh the black book of communism oh right i realized i could press this button and see these so now i can look at these spill some tea ssis, whose tea should i be spilling? silly, y'all are silly, we just recorded an episode of the show with uh liz and grace from truwan that was really good, i'm very happy about it. another reason I'm feeling better is I feel like you had a good show here we go oh we're getting them now ah goddamn it Walmart bad yeah okay. this is interesting, the question of us bulconization, i've been thinking about this, obviously it's very facicious, when gaven Newsom talks about like you know doing all the shit as a as a as a as a uh sovereign or whatever, it's all media bullshit, he's he's trying to raise himself in stature to a president so that he is a viable uh candidate either for vp or maybe president next year or next time or president this time. there's a lot of fluidity in the situation and he could really benefit from it, but the reality is is that the degree to which this crisis leads to long-term like secular uh uh uh economic um crisis and shit uh that's worrying to say the least uh how do we maintain these, i mean we are already largely. balconized politically, how do uh, how do we like maintain these these social networks and this like nation system when with competing like agendas, competing cultures uh, and with no c, like if there's nobody in the middle like pay the bills, like that's the real thing, if there's nobody at the center paying the bills and uh and keeping the the infrastructure intact, if we really do see a collapse of a of a supply chain, i could see that honestly, no joke being like the best case scenario, like the us breaking up is probably preferable to it staying together under any kind of like hyper, it would have to be some sort of uh like hyperauthoritarian construction uh or or or but the thing is a breakup could very easily just turn into like private and more likely turn into like private corporate feeftems sort of like snow crash it's not good folks folks we love it we love it don't we? Well I just said I just spilled the tea on uh on authentic neapolitan pizza and how I think it's bullshit but it's not the worst type of pizza. um, it's probably that St. Louis garbage, I like thin crust, but the fact that the cheese isn't really cheese to me is like a dealbreaker, I would like actual cheese on my pizza, I mean I'm a crooky, I mean if you're gonna not have cheese on the pizza, have it something interesting like a tomato pie or New Haven style, not this gross like string cheese processed shit, get it out of here, kindly fow. kindly fo, there you guys go, i love taver style, honestly i'm debating whether i want to make one later, i got one little skinny, one thin uh frozen pizza, i have had waterburger, waterburger is pretty good, i like newhaven a lot, i like newhaven, i love chicago tavern. style um New York slices are good but I'd say like inferior to both of those and I like Detroit if you want a thicker crust Detroit is the way to go over like Sicilian in my opinion. Are you guys ready to have a Mckinsy algorithm determined that your life is uh worth enough to risk going out in public in order to secure uh like liquid assets of a certain percentage of um investment income. in the fucking market over a coming quarter, are you guys ready for that? i will say that the beyond products are great, the beyond sausage is a phenomenal, beyond burgers are great, i have the beyond uh ground beef and i'm going to use it for like a tomato sauce or something soon and i'll see then every ones i've had are so good and the carls jr beyond um burger they had is really the best fast food uh non-meat product i can think of god damn i'm getting hungry these pockets are not doing the job so yeah an algorithm is gonna say whether or not like because like i think the reason that they're really really brought they're really weight they're really considering this whole reopen thing is it's gonna lead to a lot of deaths but they're seeing who's dying and it's people they can live without like they're seeing even in New York like high high high income areas the infection rates aren't that high even at the spike and all that so they figure well we can you know if we can get them to keep going out and spending and keeping the economy going we can stay where we are we'll be safe the people who die will be first responders uh uh uh fucking grocery grocery people um bartenders waiters people who can always be replaced of course it'l' also affect people like doctors and nurses and professionals who have irreplaceable um knowledge and skills that will undermine the ability of the actual state to uh to function and that is of course the inevitable result of capitalism eating its own uh, eating its fats until it's literally eating itself to death, eating the muscle, eating the eating the orgon all to uh to sustain a profit margin that is no longer uh sustainable in in this new system with this unprecedented demand drop and with no no no slack in the line to recreate a new higenomy we the way we did after world war ii. so yeah, they're going to send us back and then we'll put us back after too many of us die and it gets too overwhelming, go home for a few more months, then go back and the people who will die will be acceptable losses, just it will be acceptable losses. life insurance, that's interesting, um, yeah, because they have must be blowing their actuarial models right now, how to help, they're gonna if they survive in the future, they're probably gonna not cover uh, they're not gonna cover coronavirus deaths, the way that homos insurance doesn't cover floods or whatever, and this is the kind of thing you think would make people mad, you know, "it kills me, they're right now talking in public about how many of you the willing to sacrifice to the fucking cow god malock, they're fucking the their prophet god, the the they're making calculations on your life in front of you, and what are people willing to go out in the streets and protest about so that they can stuff their fucking faces at fucking fudruckers, i can't go, i can't go swattle my fat ass the old country." pay, this is tyranny, that is the freedom that they're fighting for, that's the only freedom that anyone is mobilized to defend in this fucking country, the freedom to stuff your fucking face, hog people, i know you're not supposed to talk like this, but come on, it's there, give me convenience or give me death. No, I'm I'm it's it's less me disappointed in the people who don't fight because they are the scaredest and they're the most to lose, which is why it's hardest for them. The people who are doing this are doing it because they feel invinible, because they are that boomer cohort, covered in gold, protected by the golden chean of the post war American cargo called. The last vestiges of that money are just draping them like gossimer uh... gossomer cloakes so they can go out there and stomp their feet for their fucking uh awesome blossoms and fucking uh unlimited steak fries at fucking uh what the fuck is it called ruby fucking tuesdays it's like you either have been pacified by by the state it depending on like base basically the accident of your birth, the state, the economy exists to discipline you or to indulge you, the and the degree to which it is is the degree to which you are uh invested within the system as opposed to a burden to the system, like as a post war consumer, you're a precious baby, we swattle you, we indulge you, and so you be you become a giant baby, and you may have tantrims about going back to f. truckers, you have tampon about guns, you're never going to take that gun, insurance company charges you 20 grand after your fucking wife dies because of like a uh and and and you still have to pay that, you're not going to shoot anybody over that, that guy in fucking uh philadelphia who bought the Hannahman hospital downtown to turn into condos, and then um they wanted to reopen it for covid patients and he said, yeah for a million dollars, you're you love your fucking guns and nobody shot that. motherfucker, fuck you, allegedly in the game parody, so the gun is just a big pacifier, I have my gun so I'm free, the fact that I have the gun means I'm free, no matter what degree of um of my life being totally constrained by the feckless decisions of the sons of sons of of privileged dunderpates. Sorry, I went off there, I went off there a little bit, but that's because of course they're fine to have the guns of course you can give those people. guns, they're not a threat, they love the system, they benefit from the system, you can give them all the guns they want, you can do and dose them, you can give them all the starches and you can give them all the things they want, because w is there, they're invested, but the people aren't, the people you need, the people you need to be a reserved army of the unemployed, the people you need to do the grunt work that you're not willing or able to fucking automate yet, uh, the people you actually need, but the people whose interests are not served by the arrangement, the people aren't benefiting, shit, you can't let them have anything other. in fear and terror all their every day of their lives, that's all you can ever fucking have, you can't give him any hope that anything can be different. so when a time like this happens, the people who are being literally fed into the maw of the jaws of a of a fucking cannibal monster uh uh have no ability to speak for themselves, woman who died, a 27 year old woman who had to go to work at a fucking. store where she wasn't provided uh, not only was she not provided uh a mask or gloves, they didn't even have fucking purel and she did a 27 and her last check was $20.67, it's it's monstrous, but like who can look up long enough to even think about a way to to stand against it, meanwhile these motherfuckers are willing to go out there uh in fucking guy fox mass and stamp their feet about how they can't go uh they can't go to build a bear. because civil rights exist for them, of course, as always death to america, i'm sorry went off on a rant there, one of my classic rants, i got to say after a moment like that, realized yeah, there's probably a reason that people say that. Classic Rance Krishman, that's me. You know what, somebody suggested a song and it is so perfect to the moment, so perfect to the moment that I'm going to have to play it, even if I get like that little exclamation point. next to my story, i don't think that, i think that means you can still watch it, so i'm not too worried about it, besides i got all, i already got all off my good rants, but this song is too much for the moment, this is the song that everyone hears in every part of their mind, and the reason that obama never or Trump, Bernie never had a chance really this song. uh anybody have any suggestions for reading, everybody knows the big boys laws, fuck those old bitches. I think everybody who signed that thing at the nation, which I haven't read and won't, all I need to know is that basically everybody in there has a fucking tenure, everyone in there is a tenured professor somewhere, someone there every single person there has a fucking sinatuer and a prostate the size of a watermelon and they can fucking jump up my asshole, especially since what are they to talk, like they're saying look, this failure proves you were wrong, don't your entire lives. record of nothing but failure, do a better job? I mean, we have a longer record to look at and you're just huge fucking losers. Good day sir, you fucking self-important little toads, you guys succeeded because you like everyone else in your generation just grabbed that fat that was falling off the corpse of the post war economy and just grab your little hunk of it, your little rotted hunk of real of cheap real estate. with a fucking gi uh build parents with a fucking subdivision you could house that they bought for nickel scumbags only in the position you are in in in in dinosaur legacy institutions that only haven't been dissolved by the like the ferocious uh maw of of private equity because they have some sort of sentimental uh connection with this country's richest saps. Ah, I'm getting all riled, does anyone want to hear me read anything? I actually have one, actually this is perfect, uh, I was, I was resisting doing this because it's got a little bit of um, there's parts that could be clipped and used against me, I would say basically, like somebody could very uh epically make a a joke, uh, like twitter meme out of it, but it's also perfect, especially since we're. talking about the awful indulgent fucking boomer shithead uh ex radicals uh who read the nation then the other fact the fact that it's like an open letter to the new left in the nation it's like it's you're literally directing it only to yourself only to self only to other self satisfied smug tenured fucks to all coset yourself in your knowledge that you did the best thing at every point and you deserve your fucking marble countertops and you're fucking $25,00 pizza stone and you deserve the house. in the fucking country, you deserve your kids having, even though your kids are fucking doll eyed shit heads who you know don't deserve better than like a job in a fucking uh um like folding shirts at the gap or something they absolutely should uh follow you into higher education and take your fucking spot because why buse no you understand they have a learning disability so uh uh this is from the patayevski uh Paty Chayevski was a a great screenwriter he started in 50s on the TV shows like paint place in a requip for a heavyweight that was Rod Steiger anyway Rod sterling he um he he wrote network he went an Oscar for network. one of the greatest screen plays ever, a great movie, incredibly pressing it uh, and he uh also made a movie about um the medical field, he did, he did, he did a media with network, and then he did a movie called the hospital to start George C Scott as a hospital administrator where someone's like doing murders, like patients are being killed and they don't know who it is, and um, he plays this beleagued uh and and it's all about just like the cynicism and failure of the medical thing about a field like how it's a business, how it doesn't care about uh health, how it's like like soul crushingly bureaucratic, how it doesn't cure, it only seeks to you, uh, it doesn't seek to cure, and then he he at at one point uh, after you know towards the end of the movie, there's a big rant, and and charge scott is like you, he's a classic greatest generation, like don drape. type, he's like a dond draper for hospital, that's actually kind of a good a comparison uh uh he is like the don draper of hospital administration uh and he's got but like a little older so like greatest generation instead of uh korean war or world war 2 instead of korea anyway and he has he has a young hippy son called the hospital george all right here it is you're wasting your time i've been imponent for years what the hell is wrong with being impodent kids are more hung up on sex and I got a son, 23 years old, I threw him out of the house, just oh box, I fucked that up, all right, let me try that again, all right, I'm going to start over, you're wasting your time, I've been invited for years, what the hell is wrong with being imited, kids are more hung up on sex than the victorians, I got a son, 23 years old, I threw him out of the house last year, pietistic. little humbug, he preached universal love and he despised everyone, had a blanket contempt for the middle class, even its decencies, he detested my mother because my mother because she had a petite bourjoir pride and her son the doctor, i cannot tell you how brutishly he ignored that rather good lady, when she died he didn't even come to the funeral, he felt the chapel service was a hypocrisy, he told me his generation didn't live with lies, i said listen, everybody lives with lies, i grabbed him by the poncho and i dragged him the length of our seven-room despicably affluent middle class apartment and i flung him out. i haven't seen him since. you know what he said to me? he's standing there on the landing you know on the verge of tears. he shreaked to me, you old fink, you can't even get it up anymore. that was it, you see, that was his real revolution. it wasn't racism, the oppressed poor, the war in Vietnam, no, the ultimate American social sickness was olimp dinggas. my god, if there are... a more despised, misunderstood minority in this country, it is our poor impodent bastards. well, I'm in a impodent and I'm proud of it. I don't mean merely limp, disagreeable as it may see. to a woman, a man may luss for other things, something a little less transient than an erection, a sense of permanent worth, that's what medicine was to me, my reason for being, you know, miss rummand, when i was 34, i presented a paper before the annual convention of the society of clinical investigation that pioneered a whole goddamn field of immunology, a breakthrough, i'm in all the textbooks, i happen to be an eminent man, miss rummond, you know something else miss rummond, i don't give a god damn, when i say imputant, i mean i've lost even my desire to work, that's a hell of a lot, that's a hell of a lot more of primal passion than sex, i've lost my reason for being, my purpose, the only thing i've ever truly loved, well it's all rubbish, isn't it? i mean, transplants, antibodies, we manufacture genes, we can produce birth in, we can birth, we can produce birth echogenetically? "we could practically clone people like carrots and half the kids in the ghetto haven't even been in inoculated for polio. we have established the most enormous medical entity ever conceived and people are sicker than ever. we have cured nothing, we heal nothing. the whole goddamn retched world is strangulating in front of our eyes. that's what i mean when i say impotent. there we go, oh, george C. scott, uh, mad props George C. scott, he was a guy. 'who always said he ate of the oscars, he wouldn't go to the oscars, he he didn't care about the oscars, he didn't think actors should do that, he thought it was a craft, he thought it was an art, and he didn't like them being brought out like show ponies to be like judged on the hot on the hoof, and so when he got the oscar for uh patton, he not only didn't show up, he rejected it, he said, don't give it to me, I don't want it, respect, was a goddamn meat market, man, he ruled, come on, George Ccott, fuck tur it fucking doctor strangel phenomenal, one of the great characters in coobrick, i'm not saying we wouldn't get our hair must, 10 or 20 million to depending on the breaks, phenomenal uh, also of course yes uh uh uh the hospital is great in uh fucking uh hardcore turn it off turn it off patten uh that he played patton as a si path and he became like worshipped by like uh like reactionaries that's so perfect that like Copola and Scott saw Patten as like a maniac and the whole movie was about how he was insane and guys like Nixon loved it Nixon used to watch it over and over again on the presidential yaught to like fire himself up to bomb the North Vietnamese because like you're like you're representing this insanity and if somebody shares that insanity it's like looking through the keyhole it's like oh my god this movie speaks directly to me. That's how you know it's a good movie honestly because it really does, it's like actually exploring something, it's not just like sterily replicating it. Right, Brian de legend and a pimp, he was good, you know, it's a good movie he's in, underrated movie, uh, best seller, him and James Woods, he plays like a Joseph Juan ex-cop uh writes fiction about like uh, fictionalized like... journalism about like cops and James Woods approaches him, he's an assassin and he a Hitman and he wants to write his biography, and they go do crimes together. RIP to the real one, Brian Denny, best seller, also FX with him and Brian uh, Brian Brown, that Australian guy, which is really fun because he plays the cop and he teams up with a special effects guy, a guy who does like movie special effects to like stop a drug dealer, it was always a drug dealer, in the 80's it was always a drug dealer. uh, it's really funny, it's got a lot of wacky gag gags and stunts, uh, yeah, fx, also fun. So you guys, I've uh, I'm started to read by uh, the big book uh, campaign of the century about uh, upton sinclaire uh, and the 1934 uh, race, I got to say, I'm very excited, the book is great, uh, it's actually really, I never, I've heard of it before, it's a really well, well done piece of uh, of popular fiction, I believe it won a number of uh of like awards anyway, it's like a day by day chrome. of the whole uh campaign and man like just the stuff that you could remember just reading reading back through about about that election is nuts uh they really pulled out all the stops to kill that guy to fucking stop that guy, they really thought that he might like bring communism to America, and the funny thing is is he was a total fruitcake, upton sinclair was not Bernie Sanders, upton Sinclair was Marianne Williamson, on god, he was a puritan uh, like classic 19th century like crank, he was like a he was like a sexually repressed wasp who believed in like uh like fat dieting and uh speaking to the dead with like radios. he wrote a book about talking to the dead and he almost fucking he brought this movement that they had to bring out all the stops to stop of it's like it's very fun story and it's got a lot of residences with the with this campaign uh but it's so funny cuuse like upton sinclair is basically the man posted cringe non-stop and like the question of upton sinclair is how do you weigh good intentions and honestly very successful attempt at political organizing against all that goddamn crinch, yes the the muck raker, he ran for governor of California four three times, twice is a socialist, but then he almost won as a democrat 1934, oh it was Richard Hugl, he's the natural law party guy, I love the natural law party, I have seen debates with like their natural. law party and i like, what does that mean? and they're like, well, we uh think that the basis for human law should be - natural law, and i just has anyone know what that means, i've never really found it out, it just seems like sort of a magnet for stray cranks to can't fit into any other of the crank party mold, i don't know, like leftover crank, like crank trimmings, like what they make mcnuggets and mcrib out of, that's where you get the the fucking natural law party guys, i don't know. I'm started a book about, I have the book on my computer, the uh book about the carnatian revolution, I'll be reading it shortly, I hope I after I do this thing with the upton sinclaire, but yeah I want to, I want to, I want to talk about carnation revolution, because like like I was saying, the military, it's more than it's it's aoh, it's an x- factor to put at least in this flowing, quickly flowing situation. did did you you have any idea what natural pull off buddy meant did you know what that meant or was it just funny of course Mary williamson to crinch, come on, it was adorable, but it was definitely cringe, i remember when she said that that this was the time when America was going to slam it and slam it hard, but all of hollywood conspired to defeat a and sinclaire, all the studio heads were mega reactionaries and they wanted to make sure that uh their precious uh monopoly didn't get fucked with because sanclaire actually proposed using public funds to create public studios like public art that would compete directly with the studio films basically declared war on the movie colony and they fought back and you really see where hegem comes in handy. Oh no, he farted in public, de cracio, John Haglin, I knew it, that's i knew I was close, John Haglin, I remember seeing him in a debate when I was a kid on a cspan or something, and I just never knew what the fuck natural law party means, anyone knows shoot me a line, I think they're anti-abortion, I don't know, yeah cuz it sounds like that. like the nazis cuz like you could describe if you like cuz not like fascism is notoriously uh fluid ideologically uh uh it's like postmodern in that way but um but if you had to like find an animating thing in in naziism oh man i forgot what i was saying oh yeah uh if you can find like any kind of like justifying ideology philosophically like base, it's the idea that like it's the idea that strike might versus right, that's basically where it all springs from, like it's all life is competition between uh groups, the most the worthiest group will win, that is what must happen because of the natural order, and that like the race and all that stuff is all just an expression, a social expression of that underlying reality, so that does sound like the natural, like natural law party would be a good another name for the for the nazis, so but what the hell are they actually like, i don't know. they did not, the Jewish studio has had no solidarity with European jewelry at all. Really grotesk stuff, those are some of the worst guys, those studio heads are real scumbags. Ah, are there any contemporary fascist leaders? Okay, that's interesting. All right, that's interesting. That's an interesting question. I would say in a meaningful sets not in the United States. Uh, I would say the closest. this the closest I would say and there's still argument, I can't even say definitively, I would say you could put them on the table to like look at further and I honestly don't know because I feel like it's such a fluid concept and it's like applicability to the moment, it's to me very fluid, I don't, I don't know, and things are changing so fast that like the conditions that created fascism might arrive again, but but without the precondition of mass politics i don't what that means, I don't know if that's what you would even call fascism, so it's very hard for me to get specific, so what I would say is in the basket of those guys. you would have a guy like modi, busanaro and uh orban. i don't think trump's in that basket necessarily. i think maybe he is leading in that basket range, he's like, if they're in like one basket for discussion, he's in the next most like in a bayzian thing, like he's in the second most likely situation, but that's it, and then beyond that, i don't know, i i i can't say. I was talking, I had a little rant earlier, you might want, I'll when this is over, you should watch it, I had a little ran about those Michigan protesters and their privilege of last lifes and how pathetic they are, and how they're they show that the the idea of like freedom, buse like there's human freedom right, the human freedom promised by communism, the human freedom promised by uh... transcending um scarcity right uh the the end state of cap communism right? there's that. if you can have that, what you can have is uh material comforts, consumption choices, like a a a sublimated desire for for human autonomy that's expressed through consumption, and so those are and so... with those as the options, um, god damn it, what all you get from uh from america, all you get from American freedom is that second thing, you don't get the real freedom, you don't get real freedom, and I'm not saying that something like North Korea is real freedom, I'm saying that it's worth striving towards that, instead of forswering it. for for something that at the end leaves you bitter and uh and empty and then eventually destroys itself, that's the worst part, it's not even sustainable, it's all going to eat itself, we're eating this like the system is eating its flesh, it's eating it's it's it's reserved fat, it's eating its organs, it's going to eat its bones, it's just hollowing out like it can't respond to this happening because everything's been sold off, everything's been auctioned off. I keep entering the rant zone, I'm sorry, and nobody knows what to do, because these guys never had that be. asked to do anything before, like they have to just seriously consider the reality of the state reclaiming sovereignty from capital in the face of a crisis, that's what the actual job right now of a political figure should be, the huarulianness of chat of this, the massiveness of that undertaking is so beyond the capacity of people who were never, this must be stressed, never asked to do any real choices, no executive, no governor, no prime minister, no president in this country, in this world has to actually make real decisions, the the real guiding decisions are made by bond traders, by the federal reserve, by stocks, by uh, by the market in all of its expressions, your job is to manage the outcome those market relationships and that's easy, it's just basically what line of bullshit do you feed people to uh mask the mechanical nature of these decisions? now they have to make a real choice, human lives or keeping the economy strong in the short term, preventing a drop in stocks or something, one of them would require like the reason they're they're still one of the big. reasons they're forfiting authority to the to the to the market isn't just that they're bought for, not just that they're bought, it's that they don't want the authority because they don't know how to do it because they were never asked to make these decisions and they want to forfit it, they want to give the gun away, they were like, no, go give it to me, because they can't handle it, because they were never asked to do that, that was never the job, and now having them do this, they're just they will sacrifice all of us so that they don't have to intervene, because we could intervene. we could, but it would break the compact, it would destroy, it would break the spell essentially of capitalism, and they can't let that happen, because they don't know the lever be able to reverse it, it is an existential threat, and like I said, even if it causes huge breakdowns of society, and you end up with like little militarized fiefdoms and like disconnected states, but you maintain hierarchies within them, then like the fucking architect said the matrix, there are levels, of survival we're willing to accept, it's not ideal, but they'll take it over giving over power, very depressing, i've been on rant mode guys, i've been ranting up, this is good, this is a good one, i feel like some of these have been pretty good rants, i might pump, i might pip my ran, i might actually go on twitter and say hey check out my rants, they're pretty epic today. We're going to get all the death, we're going to get all the death associated with just letting this go when we reopen haphazardly. and then have to close again and all that, all those people die, didn't have to, if we just managed the economy in in a stop gap way until instead of needing to pump the bat thing back up, shit i forgot. man, it is really slim siking in world leaders everyone really sucks man, just think of the awful buffoons in charge, like these like bloodless bureaucrats or absolute clowns, literally bolsonaro, trump, these are clowns and not even in the sense of like wise clowns, like like lear clowns, like buffoons, like empty caricatures that just floated to the top of just an a absolutely a a moraban political process, like when all the power and authority of - seeped out of government, it became hollow show, and of course these most entertaining puffins just pop to the top of it, because uh it's what its values, it's what it's what it shows, hey and then who who's the good guys, who's the good guys? angel fucking mercle, one who bathes in greek blood every night? and you got like fucking guys, i'm sorry, but like Putin, no thank you, i don't think that guy's got anybody's best interest to heart, fucking eroan. fucking Benjamin Netanyahu wildly criminal crooked motherfucker fucking getting reelected over and over again under indictment and getting indicted running just this absurd crooked fucking settler colonial hell state. I'm sorry the Chinese I I dot it's like they really haven't seem to care about ideology or moving left or like liberating people. They seem really more about making that making that fucking shetter. I mean the record ples pretty clear unless they're doing. some sort of elaborate ropedope where they're going to like wait until we've like lowered our guard because we they out like capitalism us and then they like spring into action say aha we were actually going to do communism the whole time it looks more like they're doing what everybody's doing which is trying to grab the resources that are left while we can that's why they're in Africa that's why they're pushing out around their territorial waters to get natural gas to get uh to get trade routes, fucking belton road, same reason, Russia is doing what they're doing in the middle east or in Ukraine, to maintain these areas so they can have enough when these global supply chains break down, it's just a scramble by the top 1% in every country to use the, it's basically you know what it is, the global bourgeois right, imagine them up here. are the global like not bourgeois, the global like ruling class every other every society, every social formation, they're up here, they know the things falling apart, and it's a big pile of money, the big pile of resources, the big pile of remaining uh like commodities that can like power a society with us with uh and generate um generate surplusses because if it doesn't generate surpluses then you're back to fucking the stone ages and you're back to equality honestly. you're back to social equality also uh instead you need you need to maintain a hierarchy, you need to maintain inequality uh and you need to maintain surpluses, so that means you need those resources, so they're getting those resources to like build on, and then the thing between them is like state structures, like countries, like corporations, but then through corporations, nation states, and formations like NATO or whatever the fuck, and then those fucking arms come down are grabbing the shit, pulling off the table like hungry hungry hippos, that's what we're in, that's what this that's the global situation we're looking at right now, it's grim, it's a grim situation, but it's like every country, every country, you look at what they're doing, you try to examine what like what, what frame makes sense for these decisions, the answer is always preserving and expanding access to resources, a surplus. if you want to make it just as blunt as possible, just abstracted as possible, just so you think of it in purely economic terms, that is it, ideology has nothing to do with it, and and if some countries aren't able to stand up for themselves and they just become subsidiaries, they become another pass through thing, they become a a colony, a settle colony, and then you have local comparador elites who get to join in with the other. they get kind of picked out like not not as a whole social class but like as individuals within a social order like the like the new rich in Angola like that the world's first youngest woman billionaire the the the daughter of the former dictator of Angola cuuse she has got a jillion dollars in oil wealth that doesn't trickle down in any way to the actual citizens there like Nigeria which has tons of oil and has also seen uh dutch hire mercenary armies to shoot protesters who are trying to resist their fucking habitats being poisoned by fucking extraction mechanisms uh it sucks it sucks boy that's the real that's the real shit we just dropped some real shit tonight i like that i feel unburdened uh unpacking the real, the real, and the thing is, some social orders though, have a better claim, like I'm rooting for Cuba, I'm rooting for Cuba, I'm rooting for uh, Maduros Venezuela, I'm recruit, I'm recrooting for Nicaragua to get their share. in the scramble because I know it's going to be used somewhat more equitably and justly than the other stuff that's going to get looted. So yeah, I have countries I root for, but it doesn't change. the fact that like this is not an ideological struggle and ideology will not be uh uh what determines the outcome uh that was a little half-hearted I think uh I think it's i think people's enthusiasm for the hollow gesture there is uh is uh waining uh my my the word uh someone asked me about amlo and I have to say the only thing I have to say about amlo is to quote uh, the old, the old willy dictator of Mexico, Porfirio Diaz, Pity Mexico, so far from God, so close to the United States. Yeah, I know. yeah those those all those like friendly like like because there's these people who want to claim that the chinese intervention economic uh development in in Africa is some sort of goodwill gesture or like or or or uh ironically they act like it's like the peace core or something uh in reality it's like an attempt by China to essentially five their way into critical infrastructure areas and an incredibly uh resource rich region it's going to be more and more a place where exploitation is going to happen i mean fucking a lot of unexplored oil and shit in Africa cuuse they haven't had the infrastructure to exploit it and you know is it's it's it's a real shit and now of course they're feeling hey you're ripping us off and the resistance is kicking in I don't who's going to win the Chinese certainly look like they have the other hand if they've bottled up coronavirus the way they claim to have or honestly it doesn't matter I'm thinking either they bottled it up that well or they have such a control over their fucking uh like information. dreams outside and inside the country that it doesn't effectively matter if they have, because people don't know, except for in the very specific regions affected, they're pretty impressively uh ready to expand, the only question is can they handle the massive drop in export demand that's going to come that's happening now because there's still an export-based economy uh that's the real that's the real question. I'm certainly rooting for uh Evaless and ebaas mass we have mass we have mass I'll confess though ah never mind. Virgil is as real as he is in your hearts, virgil exists if you believe in him, if you believe in Virgil, clap your hands, if you believe in virtual, clap your hands, lazaro Cardarism was pretty good, is good, i have a saw spot for cardatus, i mean i really like zapata a lot, i fucking love ponchovia, uh uh fucking karenza, i hate that motherfucker, vestulianzo karenza, karanza, oh the fact that he got shot in his ass, good good rittens, hey karanza hey Maduro is such a perfect lib, maduro is the perfect fucking lib, like accommodating to the right and uh cutting off all connections to the popular base so that they can turn on you and destroy you, it's like textbook and they keep doing it every time. Oh thank you, you're the man, I did a couple years on a uh on an unfinished mm a in American history post war, that was my specialty, I never finished my final because I had, I i knew I wasn't going to do anything with the degree because I knew I wasn't gonna go like go to get a pd so i was like do i really want to kind of like a sunk cost thing of like do i want to go through the pain of writing this whole thing that i'm never going to use for anything for a degree that's not going to help me do anything uh if then? so yeah, i just i just did soncoss, i only even i did the first year and i hated it and i only did the second year because i was accepted to do uh, i was accepted as a um as a ta so i got instead of having to pay i got instead of having to pay i got uh got paid so it made sense as a job just to do it so i ta'ed for a year but then i never really finished i never wrote my final paper cuuse it was like what this i'm not going to use it so i'm a lazy shit head that's the thing about me no one ever listen to anything i have to say, i'm a big fat tub of failure. uh, i am a uh, i'm a large uh, i'm a large, i'm a mondo tool. all right guys, looks like we're counting down, well this is a fun one, i'm having a good time, we'll see if this lasts or if it's back, down in the bay fucking bay of the biss, we'll see i do this, all right? All right guys, peace in the chicken grease in the middle east, keep it real, keep it sleezy.