 Hello, perhaps you recognize me, it's your favorite precedent. Ah, so what's going on everyone? things are so fucking funny right now, shit's really funny, it's times like this that I don't feel that bad about picking politics as my as one of my zones of uh of uh entertainment, one of my spectacle preferences. I mean, yeah, obviously it was much, it was, it was, it was great, when he was in the hospital, but honestly I love this now too, this thing where he like, he's in the oval office and they're saying, oh he's in office, he's he's he's he's signing documents and then they come out, he they just just right before I came on they dropped a video. of him in front of the white house just caked up on the makeup because he looked fucking like um he looked like death last time and he sounded absolutely gacked, they've clearly got him on the roys or at least he's still flying high on him and you know what, he might be fine, he might not even he he is, he shouldn't be alive anyway so maybe he will never face any physical consequences, but It's still very funny to me because not even for what's happening because he's mostly been hiding and now he comes out with his like proof of life video uh but because of just the absurdity of this, the pure absurdity of the president having this deadly disease and being hidden away in the castle and everyone trying to decide what it means. and all of his minions and all of his supporters going uh he's dabbing all over corona actually uh you're own and other people being like no he's on death store without any of them having any actual information just a pure projection onto this uh void which i think is evocative of certain phenomenon and just like this death watch this death watch life watch god. It's something, it's something uh, I mean he is going to be stronger in the short term because the steroids are going to whack him up, I mean he's going to be real powerful, like they said, he was eating like crazy, which I love how like, don't people know what steroids do, that's what they do, they make you hungry, it would be funny though, if people started giving themselves corona like in solidarity with the president, that would be really good. Yeah, if anyone's seen the new uh video, he seems very key up, more so than usual, certainly more so than when he's uh speaking extemporaneously, not in front of a crowd, and everyone's just like waiting. It's funny because like I said the other day, the fact that at no point was Pennce even in the ball park of being sworn in as president, even though he was like in hospital care for a while and on mind altering drugs, it really tells you, I think less even that Pence is this empty shirt, which obviously, but more that he isn't really in charge of anything, like they, I don't think if he ordered a nuclear strike they would do anything, if he they wouldn't they would... ignore him, like they ignored him when he said he wanted to assassinate assad, which means that like this death watch is is in a way, it's beside the point, you know, it's just it's it's the it's the it's the further intensification of just the pure spectacle, and that's the one thing that the politics of of presidential spectacle has lacked until recently has been. like the actual corporal body of the our figure of uh of fixation, like Trump has seemed like a permanent fixture in our lives, and now there's this: this shrodeger's fat thing where it's like is he g to live, is he going to die? could he die? could we handle him dying at this moment? buse the big thing that gets me is like him leaving office and then going to on or something, i get that you know it's just it's just it's another crimp in the narrative, but if he's just gone after what he has ended up becoming in this culture. after how all consuming he has been as a personality, oh just what is this, where does that go, where does that energy have to go, and and and the reason i find that question so fascinating is because I have no fucking idea, that's one where I just feel, that's why his death feels impossible, and why at the end of the day I just can't buy that he's going to die anytime soon, just because I cannot imagine. what it looks like with him gone, what are these people putting their energy into? both for and against, we don't know where we would be without him, we need him, right now he is the focal point of all of our energy, now i do think that this election is the process of us like weening ourself off of him, you know, like bidon will be our uh our suvux own or what is the name of the the uh? down the stuff they give you when you're addicted to heroin that the ween you off that's fine but him dying is just cold turkey over not like just not doing it anymore after being heavily smacked out the deep the the the uh withdrawal is going to be narly if it happens and it's easier to imagine the end of the world than it is to imagine the end of trump uh correct bad but mck, that is very good, but trump is going to go away one way or the other, i mean entropy demands it, and it is, the thing that that gets me is how do we how do we either maintain like that psychic investment in politics or where do we put it if we decide to redirect it? It's all very murky, like I alway, I when Trump got in there, I recognized it as like a tectonic change in American politics and uh, and I said, I remember in like 2006 177, I said like we don't know what everything has led to Trump, but nothing has pointed past him, because Trump is the end point, like of all of our most present uh art, right and culture that that sees the direction, the arc of our political. trajectory, all of it says the end point is Donald Trump, the end point is this absurdity where politics has been rendered a pure spectacle and the guy presiding over it is like a giant court jester in chief like that's where it ends and then that's like supposed to be sort of you know the the dystopia and now we're in it, what comes next, and I still don't know, I mean electing. especially if he does win in a landslide, although who knows, I'm honestly getting to the point where I'm wondering, fuck, maybe Trump's going to win hilariously, maybe that would even be funnier, buse I was talking, I was thinking like funniest outcome, Trump loses, then dies like two weeks later, to bite, but now I'm thinking, fuck, Trump almost dies and then wins, that'd be pretty funny too, but I still think it's more likely that Biden wins and us electing a absolutely out to lunch. advancedly senile man is certainly a a topper on top of the Trump thing, but then what's gonna happen, you know, he's probably not gonna serve that long, and then we get Camala Harris, which is like the triop of uh, you know, of woke neoliberalism, but what we know for a fact about woke neoliberalism is that it provokes a wild, wild cultural backlash. and what does that look like in the absence of Trump who kind of came in to fill a spot and I think that's the thing that's why it's hard to talk about because whatever emerges will emerge organically like I don't think anybody thought Trump was going to run for president in like 2014 seriously run sure shift didn't think he was going to get the nomination sure shit didn't get to think he was going to win the presidency. and we're in a similar situation, like the things that are going to come are going to be as inconceivable as that was then, he did, no, he didn't run in 2000, he made a... half asked bid for the uh for the reform party nomination against papycannon, papcannon got it, remember buse famously a bunch of uh uh south beach jews voted for noted anti-semi patpy cannon thanks to uh the wonderfully designed butterfly ballots this is before most of your time uh that ended up costing gour florida and giving us Bush and sending us hurdling into this timeline that we're in now. but I feel bad for the country, as Darren Roffell said, but this is tremendous content. well somebody asks was it the Brooks brothers riot or it was the chads? well, I mean, bad ballot design and other things are what made it so that gour didn't have a clear election night win, which if he had would have abviated any kind of riot or recount or anything, so Florida ran a shitty election first and foremost, and of course part of that was by design, like uh, Jeb did illegally. a bunch of people from the roles who happen to be minorities uh and that contributed, but I don't think that there was like an outright effort, we're going to steal the 2000 election, it was when it became a jump ball, they went and grabbed it, which is I think the only likely outcome, like everyone worrying about Trump stealing it, it'll just be that again, a jump ball that gets stolen, and right now if you believe the poles. and who the fuck can say at this point, there's not going to be enough jump balls for them to grab, or there's going to be too many jump balls for them to grab, there's going to be too many places where biden wins handling, uh, but who knows, I mean, the polls were off last time, that's undeniable, but why and in what what, I don't think anyone knows to this day, why, and as a result, it's almost impossible to... handicap pulls now, so you just have to kind of go in blind, which I think is useful, and honestly, I think it might be awesome if they banned polling completely, got rid of polling, no polls, what's the point of knowing who's going to win beforehand? how does that contribute to your decision of who to vote for in a meaning like in a policy sense because remember this is supposed to be us collectively as a country determining our policy uh trajectory? what our country is going to do? shouldn't that mean that the only thing that needs to matter is who the candidates are and what they say they're going to do, what they're going to who's ahead, how does that help anyone? it's literally an entertainment product, and if we wanted to make politics not an entertainment and make voting less of a weird uh, like sacred ritual divorce to, but it's like it has all of the powerful emotional residence of sacred rituals. with none of the uh effect of creating like a sense of well-being or connectedness to a community, only the opposite and only pushes us against each other more and more, how can we like put shrink voting down to size, which is really when I talk about voting on here, people seem to get the wrong impression sometimes, I'm not saying it doesn't matter who you vote for, and I'm not saying it doesn't matter if you vote or not, I am saying is that the act. of voting is of little to no individual moral consequence for a person, which means that it cannot be the sum total of your political activity, and the only way to bring it down to size is by psychially reducing the hold it has on you, morally and in terms of building an identity. making elections less entertaining would be a big part of that, because one of the reasons we we do put so much energy into voting as a as a to uh totem. is because that means all we got to do is watch the show, hashtag like they say in the Q& on, which is a show we want to watch, we wouldn't tune in if we didn't want to watch it, and half the country doesn't like the show, and they turn the show off, and they're not paying attention, even though they're the ones most materially harmed by our political reality, the the falseness of the front of our democratic process means that for half the population, this show is too boring, that's because they cannot give voting the... sensual, emotional, uh, sacred place in their uh, in their minds that people who are still watching to, that's the necessary, that's the... suspension of disbelief you need to watch a TV show and get into the characters or or the situations, this vote means something, from that, all the other pageantry of politics comes to vivid life, which is why voting is not going to be the answer for anything, can't be the answer for anything, because half of the people have decided that it's a boring show they don't want to watch because they cannot, they have not made the investment, which means nothing you do at that level is going to reach them, which is what we learned with burny is that even though they were making intentional big efforts to reach out in person to people like in Iowa I know they hired a bunch of service industry workers as organizers to organize their workplace like instead of just calling people uh and it had and in specific places where you had like real like working class like uh structures like the union dense uh city of Las Vegas where you know people are able to do shoe leather organizing and and bring like you know cleaning staff and uh and fucking taxi drivers off the strip to vote uh, but that was never going to be enough, the hope was that the people watching this pageant were going to hear what broty said and be moved by it, problem was the only people watching that pageant were people who were already locked in on the right side to the republicans and that was not their concern to the left side to the Democratic party because of course they're voting. of course they think the democratic party means something, of course they think the democratic party represents their aspirations. if they didn't, they could not find the show, the pageant of politics interesting, and they would turn it off, and that means they wouldn't be paying attention to it, which means they couldn't be intersecting with it in a way that was going to bring them into the process, and so for the people who do vote, which is basically everyone who watches my, you know, watches my streams or listens to the podcast. or anything or goes on the internet to discuss politics, like they all vote, or if they don't vote, they're not voting is not turning off the tv because it's boring, it is a reaction to voting, you know, the way that all atheists are still Christians, you know, like the way that atheiism is basically just like a really refine form of protestantism, uh, you're still in the system even as you reject it, because you are making a conscious choice to reject voting out of a political stance as opposed to out of this interest is that voting has to be brought down to size in your mind, because then you'll have to fill the rest of the time figuring out what does work and what does connect people and what does provide any chance that we can influence events, because what i see people talking about like oh we go you know biden what's what's he? gonna is he going to you know by needs to give outreach to the left or something? like he has no interest, the party he represents has no interest in doing anything for the left, they defeated the left, they risked a lot to defeat the left, they risked a lot of their credibility, they killed their own fucking voters in some states by insisting on having primaries in the beginnings of the coronavirus, all these people who now are telling you how Trump is horrible for ignoring science. and getting people killed with his reckless rallies, went out there and said, yeah, no, go vote, don't worry about it, knowing they were going to kill people, uh, they they are sattled with this fossil, this demented fossil, who could die at any moment or just start blurting out - logaria uh or have his teeth fall out uh or just starts saying slurs, maybe uh, and who in his person rejects the entire carefully crafted identity politics uh appeal that they were building for uh like minorities in this country to make up for their lack of their any kind of material politics, like oh we're going to give you representation and representation is its own form of power. nope, old white guy, old white guy who got into congress running against uh busick, which his own vp nominee uh pointed out in the debate with him, this is not what they wanted, they are brought themselves to this level to defeat the left, so they're not going to give any... anything to the left, why would they? they're they're the victors, only things going to happen is they're going to, the only way that they're going to change anything is under pressure, and that pressure can't come through voting for him for Biden, because if Biden wins then the left uh uh then the left was disciplined uh, if byden wins that means the left enough of the left voted for him to get him across the first. which means you can take them for granted, if biden loses, it's because not enough of the left voted for him, either way, the left is still out of the tent. I mean, is that wrong? tell me if that is wrong, right? because since when has a democrat winning made anybody think, thank you, left, because as I've said a million times, voting is not a collective action, there's no like coherent left to express a collective desire to either support or uh not support Bernie's or Biden's candidacy, like you know the AFL CIO deciding not to endorse McGover in 72 because they were pissed about the nomination process. uh, there's just a bunch of individuals who can be ignored because they're on the team or it could be blamed if you lose, but anyway, all this means, let's banling, banling, ban uh, pharmaceutical advertisements, I don't see how this is uh, this should be controversial. somebody asked, well does that mean uh, like they're saying, well who should you vote for then, and that's just it, there's a weird more, like part of the moral confusion that goes with voting is like if i vote for someone then i am responsible for anything they do if they win, basically, and i am absolved from responsibility for anything that happens if they lose, like that's the moral wager, and a version of that, an expression of that is that like if i tell someone to vote for if i somebody says, you need to tell your followers, your your listeners to vote for biden. the assumption there is that me saying that will make all of them vote for Biden, or even a majority of them vote for Biden, and the fact is they might vote for Biden, and they probably will more than not, but that decision will not be because I told them to do a thing. There is no way that my decision, or more than a fraction of a fraction is going to be the soul determining factor in their decision to vote for somebody, buse nothing is like that. There are no soul determinars of actions at that level. There's a million reasons you're going to vote for fucking Biden if you're going to vote for Biden, what I say is not going to be the tipping point anymore than me voting for Biden is going to be the tipping point between him winning and losing. Uh, I i have to say though that I will be voting uh. in person due to the nude celebrities because they horned me up, i'm horned up now, i'm all horned up, i did not r Chris rock was so uh deceptively built for a skinny guy, i will be reish to uh braces louis uh, louis the 8, absolutely, we will fuck up the catholic league. someone wants me to talk about meditation, I'm not really, I don't think I'm the person to talk to because I'm still learning, you know, I i have a sporadic practice, uh, I try to do it about a half an hour a day, I do it more often than not, but I do, I don't do, um, but and I try to do the insight yoga, uh, which is like concentrating on. breathing, but you know, mostly I'm in my head thinking of things, but I am trying, I try to mostly use it as just a time to make myself sit with thoughts and then let them go, because I've realized that uh, one of the keys to thinking clearly is to not stay into one thought, uh, train of thought for too long, you need to allow like you. start thinking about something because you've had some sort of connection between your your brain and the world and it gets you thinking about something and over time you know the conditions that brought about that thinking they go away and now you're somewhere else and you're still thinking about that thing and now the like you're you are in your head more you're less in the world and to stay in the world as you think it's probab i think it's good i'm finding it's not something i used to even think about doing but now i feel i try to do it consciously is just let thoughts just kind of go off and then just instead of trying to pursue them, let them go, and then just like look once again around you, and then something else is going to come up, like the brain is not going to be quiet as much as we might want it to be sometimes, but where it goes, will at the end of the day always end up being directed from and sensory experience, if you're actually paying attention to your sensory input, and I mostly like I say that. to feel better about the fact that I have a hard such a hard time like clearing my head. I don't know if I've ever really done it, but I try, Lord knows I try. Yeah, I have never done transcendental meditation, that seems pretty intense. I guess the thing I worry about is like doing anything that's too uh, I don't want to get discouraged, I guess is the thing. because i worry about my, i worry about my uh, i always worry about my discipline levels, you know, like the reason i've been a uh lout my whole life is because i i had insufficient motivation because i didn't really believe anything, you know, and the problem is like belief is that like furnace, it goes up and down, you know, and sometimes it's stoked up and sometimes it's down, and meditation helps with that, but it also it, it provides sort of a um... a concrete expression that can for me anyway be something i i get overly uh worried about, but i'm trying to keep doing it, i'm keeping on, so TM is mantras instead of breathing like you say things over and over again, i would like to meet David in the spirit realm, i would apologize for not really like. his work cuuse i know i'm supposed to, yeah we could hang out at the black lodge that would be cool, that place seems kind of scary. Nothing's wrong with David Linch, I respect him immensely, he's he's one of the few pure artists in cinema, certainly uh in like his television program from what I understand is uh, like almost sue generos in terms of being a mainstream product in the first seasons on network television. with that kind of singular artistic vision, um, but it's just it's in the past anyway, it's just not, it's a wavelength thing, it's a vibe thing, it's just not a vibe that i was ever able to really connect with, maybe that would be different now, but i i haven't watched any in a while, i haven't seen somebody was reminded me that the one recent uh steven uh eastwood movie that i haven't seen yet, i keep forgetting to see it is the one about the guys on the train that uses the real actors or as actors uses the real troops who stopped a terrorist attack on a train in France 1517 to Paris which i i know had baffling reviews and i'm intrigued i keep forgetting to watch it but thank you for reminding me i'm going to see it soon i am people are asking my height i'm 63 i'm probably 62 at this point from slouching but yeah Yep, I'm a confirmed shad, sorry guys, sorry, confirmed shad, I mean if it makes up for it, I have a limp, so I don't know if that uh ameliorates. the uh the chadness or maybe exacerbates it, i don't know how chadness works, i do know being tall as part of it, apologies to the uh to the mandets out there, but it is, it's brutal bone law, and of course this is all being said thug and cheek, none of the stuff is real, in real life these things do not exist, i've seen enough, i have enough experience in my life to know that there is no like look determiner for outcomes in life uh specific. romantically in this country, it's all, it's it's real, like all that stuff is is internet uh, mania turned into delusional uh ideology as it is in politics. what i did i ever watch what would you do? I remember that theme song, I hadn't thought about that show, I haven't thought about that show in 25 years, I got to see if I can find the theme song. what what what would you what what what you do oh man that was a show it was like a kind of a quasi it was a money based prank show with uh with Mark Summers where he would like pay people to humiliate themselves wow that's insane why would someone ask that and how would that be in my head i literally that was wow i there's zero chance that i have consciously thought of that show or that song since i watched it as a child and as soon as i saw cuz you see what would you do on abc just i instantly heard the whole fucking thing that's brains are crazy cuz the thing is we like we have perfect memories like your brain imprints everything it experiences it's just accessing it for the front that's so hard cuz you're trying to juggle all these balls by absorbing all the shit in front of you, like you're absorbing all the simuly while trying to pull things out that happened longer ago, but that was just sitting there waiting to pop up, when i think of the things that i can't remember and have forgotten important stuff and necessary stuff, and the fact that that was just waiting there, what, what you do. this is an interesting question, someone says uh, would uh, would you see us twitch chatters as real people? that's an interesting question, that's an interesting question, uh, this is a very uh interesting onthological question, are you people real to me, like when you interact with me, like do I imagine you the way I would if I was in a room filled with 100 uh, 1400 people? and they were like had had microphones or something. I mean, I'd say abstractly, yeah, like I, I, I believe that there are consciousnesses behind these comments, that this isn't machine generated for the most part, you're not bots, and that you're you're I'm engaging with you, but beyond that, it's very hard, especially as I'm trying to like formulate thoughts and stuff to keep like a concrete notion of an audience attack, they kind of kind of guys kind of melt away, and it does sort of... become like I look at myself, I don't when I'm really in the grou, look at myself, not at the chat, you know, and so it's like a weird like uh, element where I basically I am doing some sort of like conversational exhibitionism where I'm talking to myself in front of a lot of people, you know, instead of talking to a lot of people, um, another question I saw before I started talking there, is living, what's better, living color or mad too? uh about a while ago now like 10 years ago maybe I uh did a little I rewatched a couple episodes of a living color and even then it didn't hold up so I guarantee you if I try to watch it now it would be painful we meanwhile mad tv is has got some good stuff in it I mean and as you come towns talked a lot about how if you have any sort of um fondness for the pree woke cultural. mediic uh style, mad tv was your show, i mean the wildly uh racist uh uh sometimes very edgy as they said, they had a character who was a white lady pretending to be an asian woman, i mean the kind of stuff was just like oh my god uh, but the thing is like those things can't hurt you now so you can watch him from remove and find them pleasurable, i think in living color i remember just being very uh very cringe when i rewatched it, wonder shows in on the other hand, now that's a fucking program, apparently it's not streaming anywhere, i haven't watched it in all the way through since i saw it on dvd and i could really like to rewatch it, but apparently it's not streaming anywhere, it's on youtube, a lot of time things are on youtube if they're not anywhere else, if anybody can hook me up with wonder shows and because i i talked about dright night to the other uh day, somebody recommended it to me and i couldn't find it on the internet and somebody said oh yeah it's on youtube and they showed me the link it was perfect yeah wonder shows in his uh an exposure to that show at the right time is like just It's saturating your brain in in an alien uh uh um premise like just an alien sense of of uh compared to the rest of the culture you consume it is at a complete angle to everything else you're gonna you you you are absorbing and I think that's true of all the vernon chatman stuff and everyone's watched his new claimation show on adult swim shivering truth very good zavier Renegade angel a great show. He also did a uh, he has done two really fascinating side projects that he apparently paid for with his own money. One was he took two uh, weird nich companies that existed. One was a custom porn site that would if you paid them enough shoot a porno for you, like according to your casting specifications, your dialogue. the the scenario and then he gave them a like a movie script without any sex in it and had them carry it out, i haven't seen that, i would like to. the other one, he turned into a book, uh, he, there's apparently companies that will, and i cannot imagine who has ever gotten their money's worth for this, if you need help writing a help writing a paper for some sort of school assignment, uh, they will... basically farm out to people in uh, I think Asia, most of whom's first language is not English, uh, and they will write one for you, uh, and he sent them a bunch of different uh, essay topics and they wrote them for him, uh, Heart Shihaller also very good, final flesh is the name of the movie, I haven't seen that. I'm going to find the name of the book, uh, mind sploitation, that's it, I have seen wizard people dearator, oh my god, we're talking about comedy legends here, uh, another guy that I, I absolutely revere, Brad Neele, uh, to this day, wizard people dear reader is the only. encounter I have had with Harry Potter as such, I have not seen any of the movies independently of that or read the books, I just saw wizard people deer reader and yeah China illinoi, all the shorts they did for China illinoi, uh, hargnalen Slippio Pippio i thought was uh slept on. somebody we're we're doing people are shouting out adult swim shows now and someone says uh moral oral and they talked about that and they said like it's it's they compared it to bojack horseman and i had not thought of that before but moral oral is sort of how is like the the gallant to bojack horseman's goofuus in terms of it is the uh it is the good way to do that kind of thing, it's the good way to uh, try to inject pathos into a cartoon, yeah, this is uh, this stuff is some demographic pandering right there, it's like, hey, are you a uh, are you a late millennial uh, white mail, come onto the kush stream and let's remember some stuff. Yeah, I got to say like I really do realize over the course of these that that I am definitely you know projecting a very uh a a relatively rigored uh, you know, um, I am. I am expressing on these streams a very specific point of view, and anybody who isn't like shares a lot of my reference and sort of experiential premises, I'm always amazed that they tune in, but I actually don't worry about that cuuse like I remember when Chappo started, a lot of people freak like asked us like, you know, do you think like it needs to be, don't you think it should be more inclusive and stuff, and and i i think that that assumption comes from the expectation that everything should be for everybody, you know, and i don't think that that's the case, like what you get when you do that is the kind of you, mediocrity thing like where like uh like the new fargo or something where it's it's just enforced like the real diversity should come from giving from maximizing the opportunity for creators of all types to express themselves rather than having every like node with any kind of uh uh you know market share inforced upon. Oh, wait a minute, somebody says that there's somebody who worked on the Dark Tower TV show in the chat or the movie, I'd be very interested to hear about this. Yeah, it's win, the wind is crying Mary right now, so I know the show didn't uh get picked up. Right, I would be, I would like to see it, the movie was terrible, I mean, the movie was the worst kind of uh, of garbage, and not in that case for diversity, like Idra was actually pretty good choice for uh Roland, but just the number one failing is. absolutely no respect for the audience's intelligence, that's the main thing, that's what's made it impossible to have any quality to it, is its expectation of like audience by into the world they were building was so low, there was so little confidence in in you know presenting something and having the audience sort of come along with them and and accept it and fill it in as it goes as opposed to having it spoon fed to them, especially since it was only 90 minutes, it's like my god. It's almost like they uh, they realized how like soulles and one it was and just decided you, this was going to be like a two and a half hour long bloated piece of shit like every other big movie, let's just cut all this stuff and just call it a day, and everyone just went, yeah, that's for the best, it just like it felt like nobody's heart was in it, except maybe Maccane who seem to be really chewing the scenery, but not in a fun way. which is why it was kind of like even after that terrible movie, i was kind of a little hopeful for the show just because the very fact of it being a continuing. narrative would give them more time and more uh uh rope to sort of build their own narrative scaffolding and maybe a little more confidence and then they're like nah no show either, well the books are still there, car is a wheel, that's true, car is a motherfucking wheel, did i never have a grateful dead face? what what do you think? what do you think? what's the likelihood of that? i'm just wondering how what the percentage likelihood you think that i ever at any point was a dead head? i was not. no, i didn't like music enough. i think i've said this before, but i used i didn't buy albums because i would like even if i like one or two songs and a band did. what if i don't like the rest? now i paid for this album that i'm not going to get that much use out of. so i would buy movie soundtracks, i do not have a cake or a wean phase, never got into wean, and i'm sorry, but i still like cake so that's not a phase, i mean i don't listen to it as much as i used to, but that's because i don't listen to music as much as i used to. and I do not like camptown races, that's slander, I'm gonna sue Felix for that, the best cake song, that's an interesting question, uh, there's a lot of great ones, but if I just try to blank my mind and think of the first thing that comes to mind, it might be Italian leather sofa. I like Mexico a lot too, Satan is my motor is great as well, the distance is a great song, it was a great single, it's just, I kind of take it for granted because it's the one. big hit, you part the waters is a great shot, great song, sheep go to heaven is a great song, friendly is the four letter word is really good, short skirt large jacket's really good, i'll go, i'll go italian leather sofa, number one. They did a great co, their covers are some of the best, they did a great cover of I will survive, and honestly their cover of uh sad songs and walls is, I know this is heresy, I like it better than the Willy Nelson version because of the trumpet, the trumpet adds this like plaintive emotional note to it that is in my opinion even more evocative than uh Willy's voice, which of course as I said herey, I understand by bomb Korea is good too, the cover of war pigs is real. Oh, I really love rock and roll lifestyle too, and Mr. Mastadon farm, no. wind is mad at my cake takes, the wind is not like cake, oh yes, comfort eagle also great, obviously, someone's asking about the revolutions podcast, i they ask the best season, i don't know if it's the best and probably by definition isn't, but the most impressive season for me just as a podcaster and as someone who's like has the long-term goal to try to do historical like entertainment like historically based you know uh podcasting and has in the past done that what he did with the 1848 revolution still blows my mind like the fact that he did 1848 at all i kind of couldn't believe i thought for sure he'd skip it and then the fact that he was like no i'm going to do it i'm going to do a thing that took two years happened in almost every year. country simultaneously and then bring it together, I mean it's not as like you know meritively satisfying as the Haitian Revolution, which is a great great one and maybe it's probably the best like pure expression of the show, but I'm just very, very impressed by 1848, especially since 1848 is a very important historical moment for like the birth of modern uh revolutionary politics and it's very underknown by people and like a lot of people ask me like what's a good book on the 1848 revolutions and it's like that's a tough one because of how unwieldly an event it is and how much more likely you're going to find like more uh like thin slice narratives and he really did a service by giving just like just an event structure so that you could do something like read the brumer and like have it have a context which is hard which makes it hard to read if you don't but like i say like Marx is writing on 1848 is all great, but he's assuming a level of knowledge that most people uh nowadays do not have. I saw the movie baku and I liked it, I liked that it had a very rigorous sort of uh, it had the rigorous, it it very much had the tone and look and feel of a world cinema art movie. what i mean? like those those three-hour movies about you know a village in turkey where someone's trying to sell a mule and that's the whole plot, so it has that aesthetic, but then it has a absolutely bonkers uh b- movie uh plop uh uh pulp plot and i thought that that was a very interesting choice that i thought worked very well and of course it's very politically relevant you know these rich angles hunting. for uh for Brazilian peasants and everything. Paul, poll, plop, po, plop. I never got into Dan Carlin, I never listen to the Dan Carlin podcast too long, too long, and also apparently conversational. I know it's hypocritical for me to say this, but I mostly prefer the the scripted uh history podcasts. uh someone's asked me if there's anybody in somebody who's been evil who has gone good uh who got anyone in history like a historical figure who started off evil and became good uh i'm gonna troll epically and say benedict Arnold. I would like, we're gonna do another among us stream soon, uh, that was fun, I got the hang of it uh, as I went on, I have to say, uh, and I have and I did enjoy being a uh, I do enjoy being the infiltrator, that's a lot of fun. Yes, I was a p, I was pogging by the end of it, uh, somebody asked me, why don't you? uh call more nazis nazis and i will say, i don't know what you're trying to get with that, get with that, but the real reason i don't use that word too much is because i think it's incumbant on people to make the political system, the political situation more clear to people if they're going to talk about it for a living, instead of less clear, and that kind of language, no matter how it conforms to some sort of you know checklist on the internet, does a disservice to that goal, it makes things less clear, it fills the moment with a thunder and emotion and an urgency that is not matched by the actual political engagement of our population, and leads people, I think to make uh to to choose wrong priorities based on an emotional response to a symbolic collection of of of uh trigger words and ideas. that and i i think when people yell at me for this it really does feel like they want me to affirm their mania, they want me to say no, you're not being hysterical, and the thing is, i think a lot of people are, so i don't want to tell them that, i mean, if you think we're on the verge of of a coup or a fascist putched, then you need to do something other than post, and if you can't find it in your, if you can't find something to do that isn't posting to make that happen, then maybe it's not. not as imminent as you think it is, someone says be more specific, i don't know what you mean by that, oh god is lens a little greasy again, why is atheism protestantism? i don't mean in the sense that like there is a way to not believe in god that is inherent that that like not that not believing in a christian god requires like oh that's I'm saying that people we think of as atheists, new atheism is just another, it's just a further uh um abstraction to the individual and away from the notion of a social religion that Catholicism represented. Catholicism says that so that uh religion is a social practice uh and Protestantism says no religion is a... personal practice, and then the furthes, the further remove to that is is the post-rational atheist who says, no, there's just the individual, and it's just it's it's further severing those social ties, because at at the end of history where we are, uh, religious devotion, if it is divorce from a social context like it is in America, is a uh, It is a connection to something else, like something older, something beyond oneself, even if it's only in the mind, and atheism says, no, no, no, sever even that connection to anything outside of yourself, you have the tools of ratio sensiation within your mind to make sense of the world with the help of others, uh, but you do not have to pay omage to any old system of beliefs that predates that, and that's just the further, it's it's it's it's terminal velocity away from socially embedded meaning. because "anyone makes a project out of like atheism, it's baffling to me, because whether or not God exists is beyond the point, so beyond the point, so meaningless, because none of us will ever know, ever, what matters is what we do here, and that atheism does not get you there, like I understand people think that they're like breaking the spell or something, but they're not really, like when you look at the..." trajectory of new atheism on how it went from people opposing the Bush administration uh in the early uh because it was filled with all these Christ botherers to now a bunch of people who are measuring skulls like maniacs to try to determine who should live and die in the coming lifeboat uh uh economy uh you know following climate collapse. like, I don't think God exists in the sense of a any being outside of the the natural world, like, I don't think that there is, but what we call God is a real thing, every everything that is in the concept of God is real, and has to be acknowledged as such as opposed to. uh, you know, evangelical American Atheism, which is just another schizophrenic uh, insistence upon the primacy, and and uh, in fact paramount and solitary and untrans transcendable barrier of the individual human consciousness. I sound like a baby, well I am, we're all, I'm a baby, I'm definitely a baby. All right, maybe one question and I'm gonna wrap it up. i i played discoleum a little bit, but it was very complicated and it kind of anything where i have to click uh bothers me, i've heard it's a very good game though. Our theaters going to die, we'll end on this. I mean, eventually, yes, uh, and I think that this all might have really facilitated the end of that. I think we might be at the end of the, if there is an end to the corona if this isn't the new normal, and if it is then yes, obviously theaters, if nothing changes about our ability to be in doors together in like five years, which you know, some hysterics freak out. about like oh what if we get more and more mutations and you know we never reached immunity and therefore we can never go back well if that's true then byy theaters but even if if like two or three years we get back everyone can do it uh i think that the shift to digital will have been complete by that and theaters are going to be mostly maybe they'll be re maybe we'll still have repertory houses like the way they are now people showing old movies and honestly that's not the worst thing in the world, you know, because going to the movies is obviously not just the experience of seeing the movie, it is a social engagement, for the most part, there are people who see movies alone, i see a lot of, i used to see a lot of movies alone, but even then there is a social element to it, you're out of the house, and that gives your viewing of the movie a formality and an experiential richness that you don't get at home, and the thing is though, that could be anything, you know, if it's old movies, i mean people see all movies now, people used to see all movies now uh, even when there was new ones to be seen, but it will definitely change the number of theaters there are in the size, i mean we might be we might see the end of uh multiplexes, might get back to like uh one one screeners, that'd be nice, i don't know what they're going to do with all those uh, all those old big theaters though, paintball range. uh putput, but I think most their theatrical release is going to go away sadly, but not maybe the theatrical experience. which I'll take, I'll take it. All right guys, bye-bye.