 high evasions, i was in them, i was looking into... the mirror to see a little bit clearer, the rottenness and evil in me, fingertips and memories, i can't believe the curs of your body, when i feel a bit naughty, i run up the plag pull and see who salutes but no one ever does, i'm not sick but i'm not well and i'm so high cuz i in hell put me in the hospital i swear to god got to commit me said i was crazy on a tv put me in the hospitals Hi folks, so is there a weird noise, in the background of these or is that just on youtube? people are complaining, just on youtube, echo, some people are complaining, it's doubling, it's not using the mic, i got to try to pick this thing up, it's not using the mic, thing up, it's not using the mic, get rid of that, does that help? is that better or am i now deaf? what do you got? all right, i turned off a thing, is that better or worse? that did it? okay, all right, good, echo as fuck, i thought it was gone, it's gone okay. uh all right so I we haven't done on these streams for a while we haven't done uh a book and I figure since I'm going to do try to stick to one a week that'd be good to focus it around a book that people can read along with if they'd like to and we can talk about uh and it hit. me that I have this book, I bought it a while ago, but I haven't started it yet, and uh, in the chat, while I was talking last week about you, uh, ideas about social structures and how they're generated, somebody pointed out that the new David Graber RIP and David Wengrow book, the dawn of humanity is sort of like the antithesis of what I'm talking about, because you know they're anarchists and they don't think that structures uh at necessarily uh uh determine uh the way that societies are organized uh so I figure hey let's have a little conversation let's have a conversation with graber and Wenro who for uh the sake of brevity I'm going to call grab grow instead of having to. Say both names, which is annoying. So for next week I'm going to read the first two chapters of the dawn of everything and we'll talk about them. I already read the first chapter, it's basically. them being like uh yeah you know all that other shit that everyone else has been saying about how uh societies form uh they're full of shit they're dumb uh we're going to start we're going to blow your mind we're going to give you an alternative story as to how civilization began and in that first chapter they make some very coach points mainly that most of our uh stories about where social structures come from are just that, they're totally unmored to any kind of evidentiary or or uh empirical model, it's and that's honestly, that's not a problem with me, but it is interesting that it so many of the people who have now embraced empiricis and rationality and evidence-based scientific enlightenment as basically the only uh lens to see the world through are really... content to allow the foundation for their understanding of the society they live in, to rest on a bunch of uh fairy tales, a bunch of just so stories, and so grab grow here look like the going to be trying to uh propose an alternative story, which might have a little more evidence in it since you know these guys are actually uh anthropologists and archaeologists as opposed to the sort of freeelance intellectuals who otherwise people the... the social science, the popular social sciences, uh, but it's still at the end of the day going to be them telling a tale, and we'll see, we'll see what seems right, we'll see what uh, where the what points are being made and which ones are good, so we'll see, it's first two chapters for next week, I'm I'm interested in going through this stuff, uh, buse I got to figure there's going to be a lot of... like very interesting, useful stuff here, but at the same time I am, I come in with a lot of skepticism to any argument that says that uh, the structures of the economic order do not determine most of our social values. They make a very good point though in the first chapter about uh how we're very quick when uh trying to imagine. pre civilization prehistorical civilization uh to imagine that they lacked elements of life that we have uh basically because you couldn't price it, like the things like the values that we have now, the things that make us happy we live in civilization uh are uh valued because we literally have a price for them, that's how we know they have worth, and so the assumption is in the civilization, civilizations that existed before that, the emergence of that market and that and that rigid price structure on on things, that that the v that the experiences that those things represented uh didn't exist, and I think that pointing that out is very useful and undermines I think a lot of the triump. Stephen Pinker ideas about uh civilization in general, but we'll get to that next week. And I'll say like you know, the marxist tradition doesn't really have any kind of empirical grounding either, because at the end of the day it's kind of hard to have a lot of empirical insights, because the farther back you go, the less meet is left to sift through, the more. more fragments, the more fragmentary things are, so anyway, next week we'll be talking about that, yes, sift through your meat, so he says, do we need a secular? baptism, well, I mean, I think one of the points I was trying to make last week is that is that the socialist movement is secular anaptism, I mean, because I really don't think that you can understand modern western society, civilization, the secular west that we have, with its enlightenment principles, as anything other than a evolution of the protestant world, the protestant worldview. that was that emerged in the uh modern era and just as uh protestantism overthrewed Catholicism. uh and organized itself along different levels of critique basically and different challenges to uh social structure from uh magisterial lutheranism to uh reformed Calvinism to uh the quiettest sects like the menonites to radical uh uh power challenging sects like the Anabaptists uh it's all a continuum of a challenge to the Catholic social order and then the uh modernity as we know it is a similar challenge to the religious social order that protestantism was trying to perfect uh and it was protestantism's success in breaking up the social basis for religious belief that led inevitably to the enlightenment because there was nowhere else to turn. uh to understand the world other than to oneself, and the accumulation of technologies, the the accumulation of social orders premised on technology, increased our capacity to understand at a mechanical level how the world around us worked, which did a lot to cut the ties that had bound previous generation. to religious faith, like the the the the early protestants, their minds were a flame with critique and and with uh challenge to the conventional order around them, but they were deeply constrained by their understanding of the world, which was relatively uh uh unschematic, certainly uh, nothing in it to truly undermine. uh the socially generated idea that the god created the universe and God created earth, and so and that like the Bible is the source of understanding of the world we live in, and so they said about studying the Bible with ferocious intensity, uh, but eventually there became more books that you could study. like origin of the species for example, and applying that searching, alienated, urbanized, guilt and resist, resentment filled mind, that that modern subjectivity to a wider array of uh of scientific reports on the nature of reality, allows for the creation finally of an alternative, a really... stable alternative to the religious world view, that's not to say that there weren't unbelievers all through human history and the medieval and early modern Europe didn't have plenty of people who didn't really believe in God, of course they did, but it's a question of reproducing those beliefs socially at the social scale, and there just wasn't a constituency or a vocabulary to perpetuate that, just as there wasn't a capacity or or constituency or vocabulary to effectively until the invention of the printing press 12th century England had 12th century already England had the laularts, very funny name for a religious dissenting group they used to get together and they were critiking catholicism along many of the same axis that uh the protestants ended up but absent uh mass literacy, absent mass communication capacity, they became a small set off community that eventually was persecuted into oblivion or dissipated uh secretly into an underground. Yans got where he got, which is killed, but with his followers in uh Bohemia waaging a 20-year war against the Holy Roman empire and eventually to uh gain a religious uh settlement that allowed them to set up their own separate church with their own uh communion rituals, the ultraquist church uh and he was able to do so in the absence of a printing press, but what he had there was a uh linguistic and ethnic conflict that the... uh religious challenge was able to map uh on top of, because uh in Bohemia at that time, the religious ecklesiastical authorities were largely German speakers. and the laity by and large were check speakers, and that had caused as you could imagine, social tensions and and resentment, and hus, huss's challenge to catholicism was able to uh map on top of it, and that gave it the energy to become a sustained movement that was able to fight the holy Roman empire to something like a draw, they they fought all that, they fought for 20 years for the... to get bread and water or bread and wine at the communion, that was basically it, they were sick of only getting uh, fuck, i can't remember, if it's the bread or the wine, they were only getting one and they were like, fuck you, we want both, and after 20 years and burning Johns alive, they said, fine, so anyway, "this is all to say that you need the uh social structures and technology uh to really challenge uh conventional structures, which means of course that it's happening from within, the it happens from within a hegemony, you get this counter hegemoneny built uh, and eventually it can take over, and protestantism took over for catholicism, largely because the uh economic engine strapped to protestantism was more dynamic than Catholicism's political economy uh and then we get the perfected protestant polity here in the United States where all of the uh inherent contradictions that come from trying to abolish civic religious faith and ritualized reaffirmation of faith replace it with this totally individualized religious commitment and then expect people to still live together as Christian brothers uh are able to be resolved through domination, subjugation uh and the creation of otherized uh laborers and the experparation of others land. and then catholics ended up having a come too from their undynamic uh rap devolving uh pesant economies in in southern and central Europe and they were a undigested challenge to American protestantism for 100 years, but they were eventually scattered throughout the suburbs and suborned into a broader American protestantism that by that point of course had been teliated. into a even more secularized world where everybody is at the same time, protestant and atheist, so like the uh, people followed the puritans in peopling, the intellectual speares of our cities in the merchant class. they lost religious faith, the protestantism, in a formal sense, they embraced an atheistic understanding of the universe, but the moral system of protestantism, and similarly, the protestants, held on to the religious faith and spread across the continent, did so, well embracing capitalism, of markets and the logic of uh secular society completely and then catholicism is just uh wash back into it which is why sometimes people say when they hear me talk about this stuff that they think that i am standing for catholicism against protestantism and i'm saying it's better or that we should all convert to it that's silly you can't go back you can't put the toothbase back in the tube. Catholicism is in my mind what defined it and what protestantism challenged was uh a social ritual of a religious affirmation that is incompatible in the long term with capitalism and so one of them had to go and it was ritual reaffirmation of religious belief, not everywhere, not evenly, but broadly and certainly in the United States. and so you by saying you you don't get anywhere by saying I'm catholic, you're still totally socially isolated and atomized. Okay, I'm going to go do the benedit adoction. Okay, good luck in your cult, compound. How do those turn out? The social order has to be challenged from from the from the point of its uh, economic engine, if you're going to have the building of any uh future religious faith that can offer the the suckor that people imagine medieval Catholicism did. Yes, like, catholicism was the was the uh religious social logic of feudalism, and feudalism is is gone, now we talk about techno feudalism, but the whole point, but the whole point of techno in the feudalism is that it has replaced all of the social bonds and uh points of social coersion and consent with technological ones, they no, there no longer needs to be any concern that people uh believe. in the value of anything that uh any system benefits them, they only have to know that they will be punished if they disobey, and feudalism could not offer that level of coersion, there was not enough power in control, there was not enough surveillance, there wasn't enough of a disparity in uh weaponry between commoners and theris aristocracy, people cooperated within feudalism because at a fundamental point, for the most part, most of the time, they believed, they consented to the system they were in, and all of our social orders have been uh defined by that relationship, and that exists at every level, even at the hyper-exploited point, the worst miseries of of uh, of a system like feudalism or a slave economy, the people who are most exploited are still... uh are still participating instead of revolting, but with them at the lowest point is exactly where uh in a slave economy for example, surveillance and technology and disparity of power is greatest, where where coersion is most uh imposed, but it's a scale everybody is coersed and consents to some degree depending on where they are, the social hierarchy, and that consent part, that's free, that is generated by the experience of social life, it does not have to be formally maintained by power structures, if you lose that, absent a change in technology, you lose the ability to govern, you lose uh legitimacy and you are overthrown. or your order collapses, if if no uh, no coherent opposition to it can assert power. what is happening in our system here, at the end point of capitalism's uh, terminal crisis. once again, terminal could go on for a very long time, it doesn't mean there's any collapse happening anytime soon, i just mean that we've finally achieved a global market, that's the end point of capitalism's logic of expansion. "it doesn't have anywhere else to go, there's fantasies of going to the moon and mars and stuff, but that is just that is the ideology speaking, that's the stuff that keeps us uh consenting, that's why Tesla is so important as a as a note of prop of uh of state uh control, because and why it can't go under right now, because Tesla represents a technological capitalist salvation, an intervention that will prevent the worst that we all suspect is coming.". Now absent intervention or a collapse that undermines the system's ability to maintain itself uh the trajectory we are on is one in which all that uh belief that social consent that used to exist has been drained from us and replaced with unawareness of our precarity and uh vulnerability to a regime of surveillance and control. and this will create like a new subjectivity that we can't even really understand or or project outward because we're not living under it, right now though we are living sort of at the uh at the final frontier of of an exhausted protest supernatural connotations uh became the cultural logic of capitalism and have been ever since capitalism fully dominated in the mid 1920 19th century and that is one in which the society so you don't look to your social order you don't look to where if God's will is to be divined it is not through people walking in religious procession on a feast day or getting. union or uh having a carnival or or uh watching passion plays in the city courtyard, it's who prospers and who suffers in this marketplace, and i got to say. nobody is seeking this, like protestantism did not seek this desacralized social space, protestants were trying to adapt to a new social reality as capitalism came into existence. they were coping. i don't think there is a greater example of cope in human history than the puritans trying coming to New England to try to finally create a community of real believers who would all be trust in each other's faith and be able to live together as Christians by excorporating the the godless natives, but they were hooked into a a burgining world system that was going to pull them uh into competing social classes based on ownership of capital. and all those social bonds were going to break no matter what anybody's belief was, and then there the ones who stayed home, the periods who stayed home, they helped overthrow and cut the kings of king's head off, in another attempt to recreate the social order, which failed. because it had to fail, because it was always cope. everyone is moving towards what they think is their best interest in the... interest of their faith, and and even the human race, they can imagine that, or if they imagine themselves as parts of ambassadors of a of a gospel that will eventually uh overtake the world, but the tools they have to try to do that are the tools that the political economy leaves for them, and that means that they can only destroy their the basis of their own. leaves with every action, just as the uh, the dynasties of Europe destroyed their own power, their own real power, like their own actual control over uh people and and and geographic entities by uh endorsing and facilitating capitalism, but they had no choice because they were in a competition. with other dynasties, and they'd convince themselves that their best interest is the best interest of their people, Europe, world, whatever, everybody within every social hierarchy is moving towards their own uh self-interest, which they have identified with the best interest of humanity, but in a context of uh capitalism can only end up alienating from themselves and from uh the people come after them, all that they had sacred and profaning everything that they were seeking to protect and building this other thing, this this alienated monstrosity. because the human race is always uh in the process of becoming right, of becoming self-aware, of of of recognizing uh its it's unity and destiny, but it's doing that uh through social structures that are generated inherently by uh contradiction ridden economic systems of exploitation that pull us away, that that make the material world without our will, make basically the material. we make the material world into the opposite of what we want, the actual material world becomes the opposite of our intended uh efforts, and that is why we are in the process of of of building a uh self-aware algorithm of... profit exploitation that has no need for human inputs, no need for human will at any point, only human subjegation, not the uh not a human uh desire for anything other than continued existence, all other goals, desires, aspirations. squeezed out by the the process by which profit destroys literally the uh biosphere and ecosystem that uh that it's praying on basically, that creates conditions of decline, and in those conditions humans are going to try to change something to stop. from happening, but anything that they could do to actually change it goes against the the deeper prime directives that are no longer accessible by human action, at least within the system, as so people despair, fall away, or submit themselves to the machine, and eventually the only human involvement necessary is to uh, fill a gap in a trans in a circuit, and if if you refuse, you prove yourself to be a a dead spark plug, you get thumped out and they bring in another one, because there always be another one, now that sounds of course super doom pilled, black pilled uh and it's reflect uh is basically what i was saying the other week about how uh that uh that encircling power that choked off the antibaptists of Monster, that choked off a couple of uh buddhist utopian projects in medieval Japan uh and that choked off the Soviet Union uh is now all consuming and all encompassing uh and that the real has been sort of removed uh that's not that's not true when I when I talk about this I'm talking There are still people on the other side of the line, there are still. real humans uh living in the abandoned parts of the world uh and amongst the the abandoned detritus of the technological civilization and they all have a will and they all have a desire to uh continue on and they will have every incentive in the world to band together. how effective they can be, who knows, but and i i don't necessarily think that they would ever overthrow the techno feudal cantons - but they wouldn't really need to, they could very well be able to build alternative structures in the wreckage, which would i think in the long-term sustained themselves much more than the uh death driving techno suicide booth on the other side of the line. within the wire, because human as human agency just is bled out of existence and technology completely over us, there is no desire, there's no human will to continue, uh, and eventually, yeah, you would just have machines that were still plugged in doing their own thing, uh, maybe a few like complete psychothialed people who've decided that they can actually become god. uh, which if you're close enough to money in capitalism, is the alternative to the despair of uh secular nialism, which consumes everybody else within it. if you really can sit close to enough money, even though it's not possible anymore than us becoming uh space colonists in the near future is, you can believe it, and that's all the matters, there will be a cadre of uh of scientists who know more. than you who will have a self-interest in bullshitting you about how you can live forever. so that'll be it, everybody, you'll either, everybody will either have killed themselves in despair or just not reproduced, uh, and then there'll be a few tanks with guys floating in it, hoping that they can eventually become uh robot living gods. until like a fucking a rumba kicks out one of the plugs and they just flatline, but on the other side of the wire you've got the people who were left behind by civilization and who have, i'm going to tell you a lot, they're going to have a lot of the detritas civilization to sift through to to build out of, and they're going to have the experience of civilization chewing them. and spitting them out to start from, and if there's going to be a challenge to capitalism, I think that's where it truly emerges, and I don't think it overthrows capitalism, I don't think the center is overthrown, and I think a lot of people are so uh, wetted to being inside the tent of civilization, are so scared of... the moral and uh physical implications of being outside of the the uh veel crate of western technological society that they assume uh any future that involves uh picking through uh the by definition lawles uh wastelands of capitalism is by definition the word case scenario is the annihilation of humanity uh, i think it could very well be the uh genesis of the next real stage of human social evolution, and that what we're right in the middle of now is going to be remembered like any other failed empire from deep history, we're going to be like the fucking Assyrians. think they're going to look back and they're going to chart all the all the uh all of the empires that rose and fall through the eras of uh of uh human alienation where the social order was predicated on competition but between humans, not something that was inherent to humans, not something that was never, that was always doomed to repeat itself, but something that over time predominated during a given per given this period, giving the given these climactic and geographic and contingent conditions, this is what we got from slave societies to feudalism to capitalism is we got these rising and falling empires attempting to stabilize a polity and having to always expand to compensate for the internal contradictions of society and then collapsing when usually when climate conditions changed and uh with that the internal coherence and ability of the of the empire to expand uh was also compromised that's the history that's that's that's the tale of all of our precapitalist empires and i think you'll see, they'll say, here's the Roman empire, uh, here is this, here is the the era of um of interregnum and uh, and challenge in Europe, and then post 1945, you had this uh new global empire that progressed at every along every axis that it could, uh, and then finally. collapse within its own contradictions and then the humans outside of it, outside of its barbed wire and outside of its uh market zones, outside of its logic, but with the memory of all those things built something else. yes, somebody says the little ice age ended medieval christendom, ended the catholic enemy, i think broadly that is correct, that and the printing press did it, because you had a uh, a worldwide, but certainly continentwide prooxm of uh of agricultural instability, and feudalism is based on agriculture, coupled with a new ability to express broad disconent across uh temporarily fixed places. And in those new climactic and social conditions. "the old ritualized Christian world was no longer sustainable and a new one had to be built, and in order to prevent everyone in Europe from killing each other, a secular space, a secular social space had to be created, and something had to fill in for uh a relig religiosity in public action, and that was market compulsion." What if it keeps on going though, it's going to, I'm just saying in its peripheries and in its uh abandoned zones, other things are going to be happening, and there's going to be challenges from within as well that are going to push it in different directions, and we don't, I don't really know, I i've given up predicting anything. because we're in the middle of an inflection point right now, i feel like i gave the wrong impression when i talk about all the inflection points and hinge points in history and how we've missed a lot of them and that we kind of missed the chance to grab hold of industrial civilization and socialize its uh machinery that capitalism has moved beyond its historically uh progressive role and is now... just a uh carcinogen on our body politic, but we're still uh in a fluid moment, all moments are fluid and no uh end point for any of this is fixed, and what, and what that means is that whatever challenge will emerge to capitalism within and without its zones of control. is going to push us towards one world and away from another and that in the retrospect this moment will be a hinge and there will be contingencies that we can't see right now, so we have to act like every moment is contingent. that is to me how you resolve the... the question of historical structures versus happen stance of chance and human decisions is: to say one is the objective schematic of existence, and the other is the subjective experience of existence, and we can only subjectively experience existence as individuals, and so we are obligated to act like every moment is a hinge point, every moment is contingent, and only in retrospect will be able to determine which ones were. But the way to think about this, I think that's most illuminating is is that it really is, as James Cameron and others have bluntly put it, a war against the machines, it is against technology, uh, Ted Kazinski was. right about that, I think it's kind of tedious to like be an edge lord Kazinskiite because none of you are serious, nobody's getting a fucking cabin in Montana, you're all posting, if you're posting you aren't really ted pilled, I'm sorry, he did not post, he posted by writing letters to the fucking editor, I guess you could say that if he lasted long enough, he would have like posted blogs, but I don't know, I think he would have uh considered that a lesser form of communication and wouldn't have bothered with it, but capital. is a technology to hand manage uh human existence and it was built by the upper strata of European post feudal society in an effort to maintain their power in the face of rapidly destabilizing conditions. destabilized climactic conditions coupled with a new mass populas who could articulate ideas and communicate across time and space uh in an unprecedented fashion. someone says it happened in agriculture. see, that's what this is about. this is one of the big things that uh grab grow. challenges, they say that agriculture did not necessitate the creation of rigid class structures, and that's a bold statement, as Vincent Veger said, and I'm willing to, I'm willing to be convinced uh, but we'll be, but I will be reading it, so next week, first two chapters, we're gonna start talking about it, he saying that no, that'... he's there's going to be a number of uh evidences of societies that uh established complicated agriculture without attendant social structures uh and i'm very very interested to find out what those might be uh we'll see because to me it's very difficult to imagine because as i've said uh there is an inherent preference in if you are within a group of people who enjoy the surpluss of others to continue to live that way and instead of having to do stuff that is sucks. now i understand that farm labor the the misery of farm labor uh is not fixed that it can be alleviated and reduced uh if it is unalienated and certainly if there is cooperation in uh its production. uh, how you scale that though? is the real question. how do you scale agriculture to allow for significant uh social uh formation and population growth uh in a way that does not increase exploitation of uh agricultural labor, does not require the intensification of agricultural labor. we'll see, we'll see what. to say, i'm like i said, i'm willing to be convinced, and then we'll see how that uh affects the the rest of the tottering edifice of my well, well... Sharing. Why do I why do our elites have to be so boring is the question and a lot of people have pointed this out that our eletes have nothing uh really grandiose about themselves like a lot of people made fun of that picture of uh Jeff Bezos looking like pitbull and thinking my god. That's such a bummer, like this guy's got more money than God and he's using it to have a pretend he's at the Clevelander, which you know anybody could do if they have like a fucking iron shirt, and like that, that's what you're doing with the money, that's the whole point of capitalism is that it is totalizing. all of the uh pageantry and majesty that separated uh elites of the past and all of the ritualized architecture, like physical architecture that was uh built to sustain that sense of difference and distinction and power uh has been technologized, has been synthesized. us, like we no longer think they're gods or god's emessaries, we think they're just like us, they're behavioral and cultural presentation is also made banal, but of course in the real material world, the amount of power that they hold and they uh physical distance between them and us is of course great. than ever like at the end of the day they might have had a fuck the the the uh pharaohs might have built pyramids but they slept what up a few stairs from their subjects but but behind some curtains with some guys guarding it guys with sticks which you also have. physically you're right there, even though you are metaphysically a god to them, and that does the dis that does the job of putting up of of putting a razer wire and having landmines and and private islands and helicopter uh helicopter docking across the world to keep you from the hoy poloy, that is that that uh power is metaphysical, so they don't have to worry about you coming in with a stick, and so they can stay, they can exert that kind of power within that kind of vulnerable position. now our wealthy, our power, our elites, they're just some guys, we all think that, so the more uh prosperity gospel pilled of us might think that they are elect by god, that they're that they're going to heaven because they live there. now, but at the end of the day, there's sinners like the rest of us, everybody uh, recognizes them as as basically the same metaphysical stuff as us, but they are completely inaccessible, they are cannot be engaged with physically, you can tweet at them, you can't get to them, and that is the process of civilization, is technology being. used over time by elites to maintain the distance in space, turn the distance in the mind in time into physical uh fixed power. so like there's no reason for Bezos and those guys to do anything uh uh like superly operatically uh ritualized and and uh challenging to - conventional notions, because they have nothing to prove, they don't need to reaffirm their separation from us, and the fact that they've all just lived under the same system, we do means that their imaginations and mental horizons have been impoverished as all of ours have, more so because of their commitment to power and and asserting it, which leaves them less mental space for any... else, that's why the early 1900s are so interesting, because at that... time you had all these kings and queens of Europe walking around in the same relationship to their subjects that their ancestors did who had around them the cloak, the divine cloak of a right of kings that was genuinely something people believed, even if they hated the king, it was within a context of understanding kingly. and kingly power, but by the early 1900s, late 1800s, as capitalism is doing its most traumatic work in Europe and the United States to the uh polity with it, the people within, it did it's it was, it's did most of its worst work, during the colonial periods, but uh, that's somebody else's problem, at that point though, it was finally coming for the interior areas where cap the... world system is finally uh riving into full industrial gear uh and in those conditions uh given the acceleration of scientific understanding that leads to mass disillusionment with religion and the experience of living in a world where things just get worse and you get smaller. people in Europe and the United States got smaller over the course of the late 1900s. they started growing a lot when they had more access to beef in the early. 19th century or in the early uh yeah 19th century and then boom they started shrinking as soon as they started getting and mass dumped into the dark satanic mills so life was murdering them now english uh political economy told them that well that was the market aka god telling them uh what their fate was that English uh liberalism is just the next step of puritanism. It's the further refinement of the contradiction between uh metaphysical existence and the alienating life uh under capitalism and that but that only really that only really sold to people who were benefiting from it, for people who weren't, they went along out of the fact that they didn't have a choice, but they certainly got disillusioned with things like the king's fucking uh prerogative. and so you have this amazing period when a bunch of kings and queens and prime ministers who are used to just like going to the movies, going to an opera, riding around in an open carriage, just started getting absolutely murked, of course here in the US, it was uh William Mckinley getting shot in the stomach at a receiving line at the Buffalo Exposition by a guy, Leon Cholagash who literally was hiding the gun in a fucking handkerchief, that was all is doing, no, amazing, but in uh, the king of Italy was murdered, I believe the uh, hungary, Austro-Hungarian, empress was stabbed to death, uh, prime ministers in presidents in Spain and uh, France, you had a bunch of pissed off people disenchanted with existing structures of power, secular and religious, uh, and in close proximity to... to their elites and they started, they started killing them, now we're reaching a new stage of core crisis in exploitation, after the stabilization of the post world war ii era, and a new mass disillusionment, but our elites are nowhere to be found, they're behind bulletproof glass, 15 layers of security guards. And yes, the Zar, the Zar liberator, Alexander the second got fucking blown up. That's one thing that uh we definitely lost though, is the the tradition of throwing round bombs, perfectly round bombs with wicks fuses, we should bring back the... bombs, not to throw at anyone, parody video game, but like shot putting towards a pumpkin or something, they're just fun, but that that literally like that's how they would kill people, they would throw little round botchy balls at it was like a fucking mario brothers, being being a guilded age monarch was like playing a level of mario trying to just avoid the little bombs. but of course what did any of it accomplish? what did all of this propaganda of the deed actually accomplish? pretty much nothing. because what moves the wheels of history is collective action. collective action by elites and collection action, collective action up by the the people that the elites exploit. now because of technology and asymmetrical uh access to technology, the elites, you need a lot fewer of them to act together to exert power, you need a lot more of their exploited to do so to make up for the gap and uh technology. and so you need to get people together, now blowing up kings and queens and shooting presidents, it's uh, you could say funny, and it's certainly not anything that you could argue they don't have coming in a moral sense, uh, but the idea that it's what inspires people to act against capitalism, is a romantic fantasy, because it imagines that your aesthetic appreciation. you're going to keep acting the way for the same reasons that most people act most of the time, which is a dimly senf interest, which is first and foremost, not only, but first and foremost a material self-interest, and so while you might cheer on the death of a monarch or being... inspired to uh to act against power in the moment that it happens, you can only be repeatedly pushed in the direction of challenge, pushed in the direction of mobilization and activism and the to the work of building counter hegemony by the deeper produc of material investment and that is your... subjective experience as a exploited person, someone in the exploited class, and then the thing that keeps you on the same road as your compatriots is your shared self-interest, which is then melded into a self-conscious class interest. now when you think what's good for me, me encompasses more people than it used to. Now capitalists don't do that, they can always, always are only looking out for their b, their their self-interest because they're not exploited, they have no reason to uh resist the flow of the social order, they use their access to technology and control and influence to advance their self-interest, but all those exploiter self-interest pointed in the same direction is of... of course the maintenance of the social order of domination, but because it is never fused into a single class consciousness, it has contradictions within it that undermine it, like the contradictions currently existing between uh, fixed national, regional capital and uh international capital, which is playing out all over the world, in the form of the the center against right-wing populism. someone says the self is the damge, that's a bingo, if you want to know where uth or whatever the fuck his name is is look in the mirror. and so therefore the strength of the working class opposed to capital is that they by creating a class consciousness are able to uh negate all those contradictions within themselves and act in concert instead of undermining themselves from within as capitalism does, but happened in our version of reality is that even with all that propaganda of the deed and the emergence of working class movements across the industrial heartland of north America uh and uh Europe, the apocalyptic violence of capitalism and crisis that marked the first 30 years, 40 years of the uh, I'm sorry, the first 50 years. of the 20th century saw the uh working class movement uh neutralized uh and it's uh cultural economic engine sequestered in a post feudal backwater in Russia where it was not able to compete and it was uh surrounded and starved just as Anna baptist monster had been so well you shouldn't fret like if i was if i was somebody in uh i mean i can't obviously imagine it but looking bad on it, there's no real reason for anybody to spend time fretting about the assassination wave, uh, but there's also no reason to participate in it, it wasn't going to move the fucking needle, it was an adornment, it was an epinomenon to the greater process of capitalist class formation. Okay, so that's that. I hope that made sense. Let's go Brandon. Just want to end today by saying that I honestly feel like Joe Biden is the uh best president of my lifetime for the simple fact. that he is the first one to really drop the mask. you can say people say Trump, but Trump just traded one fantasy of us living in a deliberative democracy. for another, uh, us living in a place where you can uh, still win by owning your ideological opponents. you can still win through expression of your resentment, if you piss somebody else off, you've won, that's the dream of Trump. Biden doesn't even have that. Biden is here to tell you every day, and he does it with actions, and more importantly to me as a as an aesthetic appreciator of uh politics uh, in words that it's over. Biden came out here. today after trying to do some more bullshit about the voting rights bill and he goes, i don't know if i can get this done, i don't know if it's going to happen folks, shush, tried everything, tried nothing and we're out of ideas, and people are freaking out about it, but would you rather he bullshit you, would you rather him give you the obama conchap, and i can say personally that i've had enough of it. and if I'm just if I'm just evaluating this stuff on aesthetic grounds because remember there's no point in getting mad at these people, they are filling spots that need to be filled, they're all hollow, they're just instruments of a algorithm, they might have convinced themselves that they're doing it because they want to, and for some greater good, whatever that is, but that's just cope. "if that's the case, give me somebody who recognizes the exhaustion of it, which is of course what makes his contrast with Harris so interesting, because Yeah, he is the, he is the corps of the Democratic Party machinery, and of course the Democratic Party as a machine is dead, he is the last machine democrat. The party is now uh, no longer a uh, machine with a mechanism that had some sort of internal uh, identity formation mechanisms that made people fuse their best self-interest with their idea of the party self-interest. would say that's what a machine is, it's when you imagine yourself as a democrat because your goals, not just your meanist material goals and your delusions of grander, but also your uh ethical considerations because these people do all live in some sort of ethical world, very few of them are pure sociopats, they have convinced themselves they stand for something, that used to be connected to the party. self and Biden represented the end of that, and the reason that he won the nomination is because the choice was either Bernie, an athema to most people who vote democrat, or someone stood for the democratic party, and then a bunch of people who only stood for themselves, the person of themselves and only appealed to people who narcissistically fused their egos to that person. Pete, Kamala, all these people were there, at least the ones wh made it in uh, Warren, at least the ones who like made it toward into any kind of discussions of relevance, were there to only represent themselves, and in a primary electorate, there's not that many people left with that choice, people went with the person who represented the democratic party, because that's something that they could relate to if nothing else. and vistigially, or if they were sick of Trump as a negation of Trump, even if they didn't like the party itself, but he was it, I mean there's a reason that the person who had that spot is a senile 80-year-old, that's the that is the uh democratic party in sence, so Kamala is the post party. the purely individualized and atomized democratic party, so while joe can tell you this is all over, turn out the lights, kamala cannot do that, so she says stuff about how we need to listen in order to hear, and the amazing line about how every day is now and now is the time to do everything we can, and that's in its own right, but it doesn't have the virtue of honesty, which biden does. buse, well, the one thing i cannot, cannot at this point fathm are the people who repeatedly and and uh, ritualistically just hold up all these pieces of evidence of the Democratic party's failure to exert any kind of uh governing ability, any kind of able to coordinate action and actually do politics and have no alternative other than yell at them and then what vote for them, but vote for different people and on the ballot line and hopefully eventually it just loses its ability to self uh delude, but of course what's going to make it do that is is. material conditions, so we'll see, we'll certainly see, and of mass politics, you got that right, i mean politics has been going for a while, but it's fully deserted the uh, the the ballroom, there's no more mass in our electoral politics, world is a fuck indeed, but as i said, amongst the broken strewen Detroitus and Rubble and in the cracked pavements, there's uh, there are green shoots rising, we are all called to be there to water them. All right, talk next week about first two chapters of the dawn of everything by David Grabgro, David Grabgrow.