 let the waitress put the chairs up, let the glasses that you broke, form a picture of our leader with a halo made of smoke, let the golden oldy station crackle and come through, with the final benediction. and will hum along to before we say goodnight, let me talk about the ball game and the weather show we care, like a sound we didn't notice until it stopped and left us there, with the traffic and our heart beats beating in straight time, let our hatred and affection march in the same line, before we say good night, oh protect our secret handshake once more with feeling, let the toast absent members put push through the ceiling before we say goodnight, before we say goodnight, let our arcking wrecking ball complain, i hate winnipeg. Audi folks, I'm back, it's been a few weeks, I've been here and there and everywhere, was in Canada for a bit, which was nice, never been to the uh eastern half of Canada before, so that was fun, Toronto, fine, the the definition of mediocratity, and that's cool, it's better than being the definition of crap. but uh Montreal Muib, traiyen, uh, I hate to give it to the frogs, but it's definitely uh, it still feels like a city in a way that most American ones just have stopped feeling like because of you, just the endless march of capital and whatnot. I did see Barbie and uh, I don't want to be a bro about it, but pretty bad. not a good film uh uh thank you no thank you uh i mean if you're gonna if you're gonna sell out right like and just embrace uh the realities of having to do ip and sequel-based films to have a career in hollywood do it the way Ben Weetley did it when he just said sure i'll make the meg too whatever instead of being like no we're going to turn this into a statement about something about what i don't know uh, but yeah, maybe it's just cuuse i'm a guy and it wasn't for me, you know, it was for ladies and uh, so I respect women, well women are beautiful, whatever they thought of the movie, sure, that's my opinion, I don't care, I haven't seen the meg too though, yet, I didn't like the first one that much, big problem with the meg thing is the meg is so big, it's mouth is so big that it doesn't like chew people up in a cool way. he just swallows them, which is less cinematic, you know, less uh, visceral. if only there's a way for like the meg to like eat a bunch of people at once, maybe you know, get in there and just start chomping through uh, a wave pool or something, i don't know, i'll probably see it now, and uh, in a in a airplane or something, mugshot iconic or not? well, i mean it is definitely gonna be one of the more. famous images of the 21st century, first time a former president uh, you know, put in front of the the bill like that, so in that sense of course it's going to be iconic, as opposed to the the separate question of did he slay, i don't know, i mean as with almost everything with Trump, that answer is predetermined by your pre-existing relationship with Trump, i don't i think that there's a dream though on the right and on the left or... liberals, I guess, I mean, there's democrats and Republicans at the end of the day, you just one team or the other, regardless of however, how you want to guild your political lily and and uh platter yourself with radical ideology, there's democrats and republicans, because those are the two things you can actually, those are the two projects you can actually participate in democratically, everything else you want to participate in is uh, if not illegal at least in some sort of friction with the state or with capital, the only frictionless political engagement point is voting and participating in party politics and that means democrats or republicans, so let's just get rid of left and right and say democrats and republicans, for a lot of republicans they think this is going to make him look bad ass, and a lot of people who maybe were on the fence are now going to like him, democrats say no, this is going to finally like reveal him, he's in stark uh terms as the criminal he is, everyone has made up their decision about trump, it doesn't fucking matter, god it's so... that they didn't weigh him, this is this is what a two tier, people uh, Trump supporters are complaining about a two tier justice system, it's a two tier justice system when you get to show up for court and just say, yeah, i'm 215 pounds, just trust me, and they just go, okay, but it could be real, i mean, ozempic is out there now, you could imagine trump getting on it, he does look meltier lately, which is a really bad move for him aesthetically, because so those empic people don't really look that good, and you just kind of look like a melted candle. but yeah, they can uh, there's going to be 500 court cases and whatnot, and there's going to be trials, some of them are going to be televised, and you know what, uh, it's still going to come down to basically a coin flip that will be determined more than anything by like uh, the... first quarter of 2024's economic output, although maybe not even that anymore, maybe inflation in the first quarter of 2024, because it's very clear that uh attitudes towards the government towards Biden, are fully detached from conventional understandings of a good economy. GDP, all that stuff, unemployment, these have been on paper the kind of... things that should lead you to have a you know around 50% approval rating, whereas Biden is stuck around 40, and it really was the Afghanistan, if you look at the numbers, it was Afghanistan where he dropped, and the thing is we stopped thinking and talking about Afghanistan within a month, which was obviously predictable, but because the ambient temperature, I guess is just as miserable as it was before that. uh, nobody felt the opinion if they had, nobody felt the need when they're getting polled who had decided fuck Biden after Afghanistan, never got the urge to be like, well look at this GDP growth, look at this employment, I'm going to change back to being pro Biden, they never switched back because inflation is high, uh, purchasing power is down, and that is for a country that is made up yes of workers and owners and capitalists and laborers. objectively, but subjectively by consumers, where politics is organized around a consumer choice, and where American flourishing is defined by consumer choices. a world where your your mortgage is more expensive, and your dollar buys less, is a bad economy, regardless of anything else, and now the... the uh biden administration is making this insane attempt to like basically make Americans eat their spinage with this bidnomics push, they're like, no, no, you idiots, the economy is good, don't you understand that, and then trying to connect it to him, which just completely ignores the way that political opinions are formed, you can't, you cannot set the terms by which people are evaluating you as president. you can only, you can't set the terms, you can respond to changing situations, and the way that the administration if they wanted like not lose, well one thing is get rid of the 9 million year old crook who is at the top of the ticket, but then uh to talk about abortion and cultural issues, which have seemed to have affected a persistent uh shift among college educated voters away from the GOP and that means important swing suburbs are now much more likely to just be reflexively democratic than they were before dobs, but they don't want that world, they want one where they can uh point to what they've actually accomplished, you know, and and say this is why you need me, you don't want to, although. the only real case for the democrats is a negative one, which is also true for republicans, they only have a negative case for their voters, stop the worst people from getting in, that is the only real case, but they don't want to consciously pitch on that, because it disempowers them, and part of it, i think really does come down to the fact that by and surrounded by a bunch of people who lived in a different time, they lived in a different uh with in a different democratic party with a different media, a media that could like uh operate around central agreed upon premises that would permeate every level of American uh news consumer regardless of party, that's gone, we now have niche uh, we have niches and that's it, and the economy is is politically perceived through a consumption lens, buse yes, people also are losing and getting jobs, all that shit that is supposed to you know power our understanding of the economy, but those are not seen i don't think as political uh outcomes, if you get a job or lose a job, it is up to the fates, it's up to nature, it's up to God because that's what we've done to the market, we've turned it into god, but only if of course the part of the market where we are disempowered laborers so that our disempowered labor can be uh can be our disempowered labor uh can be perpetuated without accumulating any like real residual class-based alienation. but how much things cost at the pump, in the grocery store, where you are making the active choice to consume, those are places where politics still lives, so you can see those as political choices made by somebody, that why they had those stickers with biten pointing at the gas uh read out saying, I did that. Now, there was a time when things like employment were considered political, but we have surpassed that time, we don't live there anymore, but these politicians, especially democratic ones were in their 80s still do, that's the world they grew up with, that's the Democratic party, the bread and butter, economy stupid, James Carfall, Democratic party these people grew up with, but the very people who rang that bell for so long, dismantled the political. control over markets and then had to adjust what the political was away from things like employment, so now wherever um we are, we experience the economy as workers, our alienation, whether it's getting a job, whether it's losing a job, being not being able to find a job, having bad conditions at work, those things are felt natural, they're naturalized, might be causes for them, but they are particular causes within a apolitical reality. everything that we do economically that comes from a position of empowered consumption reflects our perceptions of ourselves as empowered political subjects, empowered political consumers, i should say, of media and then of choices in the ballot box and in the voting booth. and so now you're this is a different world where where there is no... way that you can run on low unemployment if things cost more, because low unemployment, you're just taking credit for something that everyone understands is not in your perview, you've spent 40 years trying to convince people of that fact that politics is limited in its ability to interact with the economy, you try to have your cake and eat it too, but over time that capacity erodes as like the reality of American life where no voting changes any of the under but even with that they probably thanks to honestly now thanks to the shift in the center of gravity of the... as long as uh even with like this situation we're in now with inflation that is lower than it was but still higher than it was relatively recently which is a relevant metric uh and just no accompaning like rise in in uh income there's going to be like a general fuck this about the Biden. administration and a a a republican could win in that environment uh but not Trump uh and honestly it's funny the republican who could win in 2024 easily uh probably mit Romney. because culture war issues that had helped the republicans equalize among certain voting groups and neutralize their disadvantages is now flipped on them and it is now hurting them, but all they have now are people who are either, i mean honestly trump is an interesting case because in some ways he's the worst possible person to run against Biden, but in others he's the best because of the current republicans who might like become president or presidential candidate, he is one who has the most instinctive understanding that social issues are a double edge sword, the problem is he can only make the election about himself, he can only ever do that, and that worked in 2016 with an un uh predobs, sort of unitiated into what Trump means uh electorate, now eight years later uh, it's a different story. but like any other republican is gonna have to run on social issues, and that's gonna hurt them, they're gonna gain in some places, but places that are electorally less important like uh the border on Texas, the real grand valley, the real grand uh countries uh in southern Texas where you're seeing a big shift among Hispanics, non-college educated Hispanics to uh Trump. but that matters way less than what's happening in white suburbs and and college towns in the mid-west, but it's a coin toss either way, it is 100% coins, nothing that happens between now and election days save some sort of catastrophic economic collapse and definitely not including Trump getting convicted if anything is going to change it from being basically a 50/50 race. but it is the funniest thing right now is just watching the democrats try to insist no no this is what a good economy looks like it did traditionally it did in the uh in the post 70s zero uh effectively zero uh inflation. economy where things like you know price at the pump and stuff, we're weighed against things like employment to now like an end stage where in order to maintain our sandany and prevent us from like violently opposing the state and preserving our illusion of political subjectivity, we reorient our understanding of what is political to where we feel empowered, and since we feel completely disempowered in at work, lowest fucking rates of unionization ever, since we feel most disempowered at work, that's the place we're going to be least likely to process our... life experience through a political lens and therefore give credit to Joe Biden if we get a job or whatever, but with the price of the pump, the price of the grocery store, where you're exercising your true franchise, that is the closest thing to the mandate of heaven an American president can try to uh claim, and Biden right now, is losing the mandate of heaven, but Trump has already lost it, this is why we're in this fascinating. 50/50 loser shootout. Ramaswami bombed according to post-debate polls, this is interesting to me because I saw Ramaswami out there, you could absolutely tell what his strategy was, and given his position, it's the smartest thing he could have done, honestly the only thing he could have done, like maximal confrontation, maximal setting as setting a a a distance from everyone else running, maximum attention, that's the move, that's the only move for a person in that position uh who's not. to get like people compare it to jej, but budegej was lifted on the wings of the mainstream media, a mainstream media that is credulously believed and listened to by uh the democrats in a way that vivick cannot really uh count on, because well uh, because there is obviously a conservative infrastructure, media infrastructure that has influence on its voters, it's more divided, it's it's loyalty is split, and Trump dominates the majority of it. uh, in 2020, since Biden was considered a sad anachronism and Bernie was beyond the pale, uh, Bud just seemed like the natural choice, the gay Obama to the majority of the uh media class and so they they didn't need the CIA to tell him to do it, they self-unsciously gravitated towards him like iron filings and that helped the fact that this no Charisma Dollard who really had nothing to say, was able to stand out. Viv can't do that, he's got to fucking pull the suicide vest, and he did, but as I'm watching it, I'm like, I guess I could see this working, but I could also see it wildly alienating the older suburbanites who vote for Trump, or vote in uh republican primaries. Yeah, they love that Trump is like a big rude asshole, but they also visserally identify at a personal level with him, so when he's a big root asshole, they're a big root asshole. Vivic is never going to be able to hold that. level of uh person personal relationship, that personification, so he just looks kind of like a whiny little prick, yell uh with like raising his hand like a fucking nerd, but he is preserving his vice presidential uh bonafides cuuse he's by being the most trump ass kissing one, he's making trump most likely to let bigons begons and nominate him, i still doubt. that Trump nominate picks anybody who ran against him though, there's plenty of other people that he can pick who did not run against him, like Carry Lake and I know she's on the outs because she took it too much for granted and Trump got worried that he was she was going to upstage her, but I still think he picked somebody who did not actually run against him, because that's always a difficult uh circle the square to be like, I love Trump, he's the best president we've ever had, but also he can't be president again. Yeah, see i can't, this is a good, he was talking about how he liked Vivic, but he said, I can't believe this guy is running against me, I don't think he's going to be able to let that go, but in a long game, a long-term goal uh effort to try to secure a position in the post Trump G p, it's a smart move, i still think he's probably going to end up getting uh swamped by somebody, some black swan that we can't even predict the way that Trump was very difficult to predict in 2015, because the 2016 democrats going into that election, republicans rather, were completely rutterless and fucked, they were in a democrat style melees, they were about to dominate jeb fucking bush, they just they lost any kind of. ability with anybody, including right-wingers because of their pathetic uh failure to uh defeat the obungler and their wettedness, their their religious wettedness to uh conservative orthodoxy, which was no longer stirring the loins in a post obungler uh era and you're like, what's going to happen with this party, and then fucking Trump just cannon balls into the race and changes the complexion of the whole thing, and I think that that that hole gets filled one where. other and that means someone is going to fill that hole for the republicans. i don't know who it is though and i don't think you can really predict. i don't think it's going to be vivic though. i think he's going to be like a a more like a von Schler style character just sort of oosing in the background and eventually probably getting uh his wings clipped. someone asking about federman succeeding bernie? i mean we have to assume that the left-wing standard holder within the Democratic party. post-burney is going to be in every respect a step down because it's it is the recession of a movement, it's sort of like the the the falling away of a uh of a formation, something else will emerge later as i have said many times, but it probably will not be at the national democratic level, but you're still going to have these emerging polls around you, the remnance of that, and i think Fetterman would have been the guy if he was not so uh physically shaky. uh, I mean after getting that stroke he won from five points in a republican leaning swing state at that point, uh, one Trump Counties, I mean, just being a big beefy guy, it just makes so much of the cultural uh, garb of the democrats as a bunch of weak pussies uh, not at here, it's just that simple, simple symbolism. but like if a fe if if he were to get better fetterman gets better man and really recover from the stroke and like maintain some sort of fire in the belly and desire to like push forward politically uh i think he would have a better chance of getting the nomination than Bernie did but consequently his nomination would be less have less like radical implications than Bernie's would have. someone says Doug Bergam said he would not support he would not support a federal ban and abortion or policing teachers about about trends gromering or whatever the fuck because of state's rights which are both conservative and general election friendly you'd think so and hypothetically conservative friendly, but no no longer republican friendly, no longer friendly in the eyes of these sort of republicans, for whom conflict uh and and maximal hostility is the mark of political virtue now, and there's no amount of like logical consistency that's going to change that, you can't say, oh, but you support state's rights, they don't give a fuck, never really did, I'm sorry, you get what you get, sometimes we talk about uh, about uh, the mysteries of existence, sometimes we talk about uh, the senate. I do think that the hostility to public up to uh public school teachers is another one of those things that does really well among the childless weirdos who go to school uh to school board meetings and yell at everybody. but not so well against those fucking suburbanites, most of whom are relatively happy with their public schools, uh, who do the voting. yeah, that's a very good point. is like what, what republican pisses off democrats the most, and it will always have to be Trump, he's number one, so that's the guy you have to support, because if you don't support herm, you are essentially giving into them. which is of course the opposite of how democrats have traditionally worked uh, like look 2000, look at 2004 when they were so terrified of pissing off republicans that they fled and mass from the anti-war standard bearer who was leading in the polls to a Iraq war or vietnam war veteran who had voted for the war in Iraq because they were scared of republicans the... would did not want to make them mad, they wanted to kind of sneak in the back door, that's because they had been generationally traumatized by 911 as everyone was in one way or another. Nikki Haley is hilarious, she's the funniest one, because she so clearly just wants to will it back to being 2004, like she she just wants that old, like. does too, but you know, he's mostly just dottertering on, she seems to have this genuine uh, jihadist mindset to try to get us back to national greatness foreign policy, uh, supply side nostrums politic, economically, free trade, uh, it's like, yeah, sure, if you have a time machine. and yeah, yeah, a lot of people probably don't like teachers though, because you know, it's the experience of teach of being taught sucks and it gets worse every year, because the experience of and the experience of being a teacher also gets worse. Hey teacher, leave those kids alone. not for teacher, very good, all right, let's do a pack of cards here, maybe a existential insight will occur while I'm doing this, we'll see. I do think Munich is a good movie, I think Spielberg was cooking with that one, for sure. All right, here we go, we've got a military asset, the AMX30 tank, look at these bad boys, look at these hunks of... metal, huh? we love our, we love our tanks, don't we? we love our armor, the AMX30 main battle tank made by the french, uh-oh, and was used by both coalition and iraki forces during operation desert storm, weird, again, how that happens, how the irakis get to hold all this western technology, odd uh, it it's weird how uh, Hitler too got a hold of all this western military technology, I'm sure he's or something, it carries a crew of f and has an infrared light system for night operations, designed for the in the late 1960s, it has a 105 mm gun and a turret mounted 7.62 millimeter machine gun, it's french so it's probably bad at fighting, am i right? manufacturer atelier de construction speed 40.4 mes per hour, range 373 miles, armaments 105 mm. gun, 20 millimeter coastal cannon, cool, coastal cannon, nice, and a 7.62 millimeter machine gun with a crew of six hanging out in there, eating bree, you got a military skill, collect and report information, this is very important, obviously, this is very important, collecting. and reporting information. when soldiers are on patrol, they are to report anything of interest to their leader. US Army rangers remember how and what to report by using the letters of the word salute. S: size: the number of personnel of size of or size of subject or object uh two or uh a, activity, what they were doing? L, location, grid coordinates or reference point. U, unit, clothing, patches, symbols or id numbers. T, time, when the activity occurred. E equipment, all equipment associated with the activity. Oh, that's nice. They gave him a little nemonic device, that's adorable. We got personal, we got the narks of the police, or we got the narks of the army, the military police, the jack reachers if you will, whether it is the shore patrol, the US Navy, I am the motherfucking shore patrol motherfucker, Jack Nicholson, uh, the airport police of the US air force, or the military police in the US Army, air police sounds way. cooler than i bet it actually is each of the jurisdictions to enforce the uniform code of regulations on all service member personnel off military reservations civilian jurisdiction takes precedence but major crimes committed on military reservations are investigated by the military police the judge advocates office and the federal Bureau of investigations like Jag, like NCIS. Here's a guy, here's a leader, yeah, there going to be a space police. the space force, we got Michael Gorbachov, one of the biggest chumps uh in the 20th century, not a bad guy, I really don't think, I think a well-intentioned person, but fundamentally a chump, he thought, okay, we're gonna we're gonna uh end communism, and as a reward, you the west are going to help us transition into a uh social democratic economy integrated like the rest of Europe. into the American system and the United States said, oh that's adorable, no, you are outside of the imperial uh sphere, you are being encountered by the the mothership and you will be uh broken and turned into scrap like everybody else, and he didn't see that one coming, uh is known for his innovative improvements and new ideas, that's for sure, became the youngest member of the... in 1980 and general secretary of the communist party, head of the USSR in 1985. he instituted the policies of glassnos and Parisroica, openness and rebuilding and was awarded the Nobel peace prize in 1990. during operation desert storm he tried to negotiate Iraq's withdrawal from Kuwait. How'd that go? Michael born prisonovally near Stravapol birthday March 2nd 1931. Most uh. education Moscow State University, Moscow, USSR, yeah, all r to that guy, he didn't get that, the only reason that we had built that uh, beautiful social democratic citadel in western Europe was to contain and undermine the communist Russians, as soon as communism is demobilized, there is no incentive. do anything other than piece by piece break down every piece of public goods in existence, starting where the resistance will be lightest, and of course that's outside of the machine itself, so countries being integrated into it like Russia get to be uh liquidated, and then of course they leave in power this uh structure, hundreds millions of people, thousands of nuclear missiles and a modern military and says to them, uh, yeah, now enjoy vassel status. what are they going to do? they're going to see if the buttons work, astounding black of forsight by the US, but again, no blowback is actually uh, a blowback, because the even if the results are unintended, they are always then turned into opportunities because of the commanding position, because the ability to act that is monopolized by the United States at the global level, means every situation could be turned to your uh uh best interests, which is one of the reasons that people who reason backwards about every social revolt in the world as having to be an American op because as it unfolds the United States ends up benefiting from it is uh ridiculous, it is child, it's childlike thinking. America dominates because any spontaneous and and meaning and um sincere. social um resistance is going to be unorganized and probably defeated, but the uh on the pressure on the state that uh it create. interference going on in order to benefit from everything, not that its role is imperial hejamon makes that the default state everywhere, and we can't blame Gorby too much though, because the USSR really was french fried and fucked by that point, and there was going to be some sort of crisis, some sort of uh challenge, you know, but the way he went about it, not the right way. This is Iceland here, I don't know, again, I all the fucking Scandinavian countries run together, I don't know if we have this one before, I don't think so, lying on the North Atlantic, Iceland is located on islands built of recent volcanic activity, the Icelandic parliament, the Alting is the oldest surviving government of its type in the world, dating from about 9:30, since Iceland was neutral during World War II, it was not allowed to join the United Nations until... 1946 for operation desert storm iceland supplied economic support, geographic area 39,789 square miles, population 25000, language Icelandic, predominant religious, evangelical lutheranism everyone's favorite kind, capital requivic, government type constitutional republic, head of government, prime minister Steingrimmer Hermanson uh, I don't want economic support Hering, did they send him some fish? they send them some cod that they won in the cod war with England, the Icelanders are interesting, they did have a a very advanced early form of uh democracy, is you could imagine in a situation where there's just no pre-existing hierarchy because you know that's how... uh we get like the transition from feudalism to democracy taking as long as it does is because you have this slave society that it's political authority collapses, but the uh disparities in control of resources persists and so those become classes that persist uh and in fucking Iceland is a bunch of people showing up with a couple of thralls and some fucking bearskins. but they have I know in uh in Iceland you there's a big book uh that shows how everyone is related to one another so you can make sure that you're not dating a first cousin or something they really need to do like some sort of uh midsamar style genetic diversity program because otherwise it's going to be a problem. All right, we've got another piece of equipment, we've got the old CH46 see night, look at this bad boy, we got the see night, I see a knight right here, that's for sure, whether transporting combat ready marines ashore during ampibious assault, transporting cargo and munitions are bringing 15 litters of wounded aboard a hospital ship, the see night has served both the US Navy. and the US marines for almost three decades. From Vietnam to the Persian Gulf, this versatile twin rotor helicopter has proven its durability. It played a vital role in operation desert storm including sea rescue of down allied pilots. Manufacture Boing helicopter, speed 167 mph, range 75 miles, armment 250 caliber machine guns or 6. 7.62 millimeter machine guns, crew of three, 25 troops. I like the guys with the two roters, they're cool, they're big, they're big fat boys, we love them, all right, we've got the Newport class tank landing ship, otherwise known as an LST, larger and faster than the classic LST work horses of World War II, amphibious landings, LSTs are the Newport. are the of the Newport class, are the first to depart from the drop bow door and use 112 foot ramp to land tanks and cargo vehicles onto beaches, a gate at the stern enables offloading amphibious vehicles into the water, the new newport LST 11179 and the Fairfax County LST 1193, both out of Norfoak Virginia were part of operation Desert Storm. Displacement 8,450 tons fully loaded, length 522 feet, speed 22 nots, armament one uh 450 caliber machine guns and one phalanks ciws, crew 250 with 400 troops it can carry. We love to land an ampibious group in the littoral region. We love a good littoral region. There's so many good words related to rivers and estuaries. Brakish, one of the best ones, brackish, that is water that is mixture of salty and fresh brakish, often found the intersections of rivers and oceans. Brakish, is a good one, littoral, riparian. Come on, folks, you there are very few words better than repairing. Oh, some other ones that are related to water. Benthic, water-based words, some of the best, nautical terminology, some of the best we've got, certainly the more um poetic, the way of water. Boat swing. boats or cockswayne coxin boason poop deck stigian there you go stigion is a great word and it is water related got a boson and a cosen we've got intelligence file conserving energy come on folks let's do it let's conserve energy energy, let's do it please, light bulb on, dependence on oil from the Persian Gulf can be reduced by conserving energy, fuck you, how dare you, fuck you, some simple energy saving steps include keeping tires inflated to recommended pressure, shutting fireplace vents, closing curtains during summer and opening them during winter and changing or cleaning furnace air conditioner litters regularly, this is the WEF bug eating agenda right here, this is agenda 21, this is the 15-minute city, this is Global Homo right here in card form, how dare you tell me to fucking keep my tires inflated, I will set fire to your home, how you like that, how do you like that for conserving energy? there was actually a miniature uh uh, there was like a two-day uh news cycle during the 2008 campaign when uh theo bungler was talking about energy conservation and he said the thing about inflating your tires. he said the thing about hey uh you know uh you're worried about uh gas prices you can save gas by uh keeping your tires inplator more fission and mccain went absolutely sicco mode on him he's like inflate your tire what and they actually had a little moment where they were holding up uh tire gauges at McCaine rallies to just try to mock and belittle Obama didn't really work uh most people kind of ignored it but it was definitely a thing that triggered conservatives, telling them to keep their tires inflated. because you know you're claiming like what liberals don't get is that when they say something that is just reasonable common sense, like they are appealing to an authority that they are constituent of, like people who are alienated from the cultural uh zite guest the way conservatives are, they start, they have been since the since the 60's, since the cultural. of the 1960s and 70s uh, things like common sense, things, things like general consensus scientific ideas become uh tools of an alien of an enemy power really that that wields those things over you. so when you tell them to do something. they go insane, like there there is a, there are stories in California, I don't know if they still do this, but for a while they would send you, and they may be a stop for this reason, they send you, if you um consumed less than like the average consumer during a given period, uh, less energy, they would send you a card congratulating you, they'd say, you, you were, you use less energy than the average Californian in the third quarter, thank you very much, there can people got the... and then self-consciously used more energy, which is a thing that liberal could never conceive of, getting a pat on the back from an objective observer. about how good you are, that's crack, the head pat from teacher, conservatives now think the teacher is full of shit, the teacher is on the on the enemy side and has been since they fucking took over the schools after the 60s and 70s, they couldn't take over the institutions so they took over the schools and said uh and that whole time they just thought they were and they were, but what they didn't realize is that the entire time that that liberal consensus was being was persisting throughout the world, throughout the country and being metabolized by its citizens, there was always a thread of like vetuperative alienation from it, like starting even before the social revolution of the 60s and 70s. like around like John Bush society figures around small American manufacturers and like uh uh hard pressed small business owners in the midwesters specifically Ohio of course the home of Robert Taff being like the beating heart of this reaction this main street republican hostility to the new deal state and cultural apparatus. The thing was though for most of the the 20th century it was a fringe group it wasn't even a majority of republicans and they occasionally were... able to do things like hustle their way to inflicting uh berry goldwater on the Republican Party in 1964, but that was like a a anomaly and an expression of like a concentrated uh organizing capacity that events hadn't caught up to yet, but then the 70s hits, which is a crisis not just culturally, but also economically that b out of it a new disempowered working class that has had its back effectively broken, its ability to negotiate politically for gains permanently removed, and a new cultural reality based on the uh racial and gender ideas that the rebellious youth had proposed in the 60s and 70s, and when you have that now, a movement that had been restricted to a specific class strata, medium-sized owners from you, shopkeepers to factory owners, now encompassed not only a bigger chunk of uh of the rich, but a uh who are now invested in a political program that would enrich them, but also among workers, who were no longer able to assert uh a political power as workers, but could interact with politic, politics as just an American subject, shorne of of class uh interests who was alienated for cultural reasons from the consensus that emerged out of the 60s and 70s, the the the cultural politics on top of the new neoliberal economic machinery. and now we're in a situation where a solid 40% of Americans of all different races and specifically uh classes have a fundamental alienation from not just uh liberal values but all the institutions that they associate with liberal values which is now basically all of them and again the john birge society was there in 1952 but that was a bunch of cranky like chocolate candy manufacturers. It was just it was a network of cranks stowing in their offices and thinking about how how their fucking employees were all uh gold bricking on them and who were not getting the real benefits or at least could not imagine themselves receiving the real benefits that wall street got from opening up Europe after World War II. now that's a generalized and uh hostility and that means that you can no longer assert any uh apolitical objective uh judgment on towards people, they will take it politically, so you cannot tell them to not to blow up their tires or to conserve energy or do anything else that just makes sense. including of course, take a vaccine, don't want to talk about that shit, i literally don't care because i can't know any better, all i know is that traditionally, hey there is disease, here's a fucking uh vaccine for it, we did it really quickly so that we could get it out there as fast as possible, would have been accepted by 90% of the population, not saying it would have been right or wrong, i don't care, shut up, not doing my own research, i refuse, i'm saying that that sequence of events would have been unquestioned by most people, all right, we got a leader here, oh very crucial to the war effort. very important, we've got Brian Molrone, prime minister of Canada, Brian Motherfucking Moroni, the PM of Canada, the conservative party, oh, I'm sorry, they were the progressive conservative party, my favorite and most canadian political party name, the progressive conservative party, it really makes them sound like a... post-colonial government in like Africa or the Middle East where you have those kind of goofy named parties like the uh like the the radical liberals or whatever or not like well here's a good example in Jamaica I think it is the labor party is the right-wing party after being a lawyer in Montreal Morroni became an executive at Iron Orco in Canada. 76, president in 1977, a literal oil executive, that's so funny that you guys just honestly had the fucking uh, the the Daniel plane view of Alberta, just be the president, like whatever, he was elected to parliament as the leader of the progressive conservative party in 1984, 83, when the ruling party change, she was promoted to prime minister in 1984, born, March 20th, 1939, education Francis as zavia university, antigonish, Canada, Laval University, Quebec, Quebec, Canada, so this is very interesting, you got a guy Mouroni, Mouroni uh, presumably in Anglo from Quebec, what's going on? Uh, the United States is not the only western hemisphere country to get a lot of. Irish catholic immigrants during uh the 19th and early 20th centuries. Canada got them too, but thanks to the religious divide uh in Canada, they largely settled in Quebec because it was catholic, and place like say for example Toronto was literally run by the orange order until the 1960s. And in fact Ireland and Ireland and uh Quebec were... actually very similar uh political and economic uh units, they were both stagnant, backward economies, whose educational system, welfare system, and in the largest sense economy was dominated by the Catholic Church, which of course is allergic to the sort of dynamism that bourjois, protestant capitalism, inculcates in an area, and so you had a situation where Quebec was poorest part of Canada, much poorer than the white, the white part, sorry, sounding like I'm an orangeman there, the uh, the English speaking part, uh, the orange part, and you had the situation where they were total backwater, in Ireland they were like, good, that's fine, fuck you, because they were independent, uh, but in uh, Canada, they were part of this, they were stitched to this fucking anglo monster, uh, and so they felt the need to compete. and so they were jump started into a competitive economics relationship to the rest of Canada, to anglo Canada by what is known as the quiet revolution. by the way, who is the laval that everything in quebec is named after, the like the university, i saw a street named after it, it's not Pierre Laval, the prime minister of the vishi republic is it? It's got to be some Canadian, but I don't know which one. I don't know them, I'm not my Canadian history, especially before the 20th century is not that great, like Louis Rial and all that stuff, I don't really know that much about it, so the quiet revolution is this process by which the the hands of the Catholic Church are slowly released from like the uh main currence of uh French Canadian society, like... their control over education is removed, their control over uh welfare systems and there is this injection of dynamis into the... economy, they create a hydroelectric company, Quebec Hydro, that is like the basis for like a new sort of provincial economy, and of course by doing this they jump start a bourgeoification of their society, and what happens, you get bourjois nationalism, so almost the same moment you're getting the uh quiet revolution, you're getting the front deliberation on the quebec emerge to do like a ira style, ETA style terrorist attack, on the uh french state, the Canadian state, and then a the broader move towards a uh, a separatist politics around the figure of renee levaschu, who's sort of a a french, rush limbais style guy who becomes the premier in the 70s, but this process, this boureoification, it happens everywhere, but only when it is forced into being, I think that's the only way to understand capitalist development. "it will not emerge independently because social wherever social forces uh can assert themselves, they will. and in a place like Quebec, in a place like Ireland where you are sort of a, you are able to stagnate in a way that advanced capitalist societies, and also post-colonial dominated societies can't, and that's that's the result of being strong enough as an independent polity to resist full colonization, the Irish by literally having a fucking war uh in the early 20th century and the French just by being so goddamn french all the time uh and either way though these are these are uh catholic polities in a way that is now literally anachronistic like nobody else was uh Spain speaking uh of this process was in the same situation in the late 19th century, but its position as one of the like main competitor states in Europe as opposed to a peripheral region like Ireland or uh Quebec was forced into a like peel mell sprint towards modernity that broke the country in half. Ireland and Montreal were gifted the ability to sort of... it at their own pace and of course Quebec does it first because they have more of a direct cultural and economic conflict with this greater Canadian polity they're part of, which the Irish didn't have to worry about, but they still by the end of the 20th century were pushed in that direction, inevitably, just by among other things, the fear of brain drain, people are just going to all leave again, because what is considered the good life is no longer defined by the church. in a globalized world it's defined by consumption and the ability to do that and a a traditional catholic society cannot provide as much of an opportunity for that to happen and so it has to be broken up and it will be broken up from within to persist it so that it its national identity which supersedes everything post 19th century uh honestly sense with failure can dominate. like just the fact that the French curse words are all religious blasphemies from the 1700s tells you what's going on like France was the same time that uh that some french people essentially pressed eject on the collapsing french state and were able to create a little pocket france in the wilderness where the fact that it's wilderness and the fact that it's years war, someone says I have bad Ireland takes, please tell me what I got wrong, all right, last card, geography, Baghdad, oh boy, Baghdad, a relatively young city. you think oh it's the middle east it must be super ancient no it's a it's one of the first real like um early modern project cities was the abbusitiad empire or the abasidad. uh, abast dynasty, building that bagdad as a ready-made capital, built by Calif Alman in 1762, in the design of three concentric circular walls, surrounding the palace, arm guards and the city, Baghdad became one of the major trade centers of the Muslim world, after being captured by British forces from Turkey in 1917, Baghdad became the capital capital of the new kingdom of Iraq in 1921, during operation desert storm, Baghdad was attacked by air almost ever. day, you're goddamn right, your goddamn right, it was, fuck those people, right, blowing the fuck up, but I got to say, we still did not do them as dirty as the fucking mongols did, okay, the mongols went ham on Baghdad to a degree that is uh, genuinely world historical, it all started because the Calif made the terrible decision to execute some of uh, the mongol diplomats who came to talk to them and demand their feelty, always the wrong thing to do. works out for you, so they decided to go in there and just kill everybody uh, they killed, they stack the bodies, 200,000 people perhaps uh, and man then they uh destroyed the library of this center of muslim learning, they say that the tigris river was not red with blood, it was black from the ink of all the volumes that were thrown into it, uh, not good, folks, so we didn't do that, right? we're all right, just because we look. all of their great treasures get looted and destroyed their infrastructure - armed and trained a bunch of psychotic death squads uh population 4.65 million founded in 8th century ad location central irak on the Tigris River 330 miles from the Persian Gulf significance. capital, it's the capital, folks, it's the capital, tell you right now, I am always swearing fielty to the mongols when they show up, always 100% of the time, there's a 50/50 chance that they're just on a scouting mission and they'll just leave anyway, unless you're in China, and you're in China, they're here to stay, you just need to accept that, but like if you're you know like how many the Russians or the poles or anybody, you go out there and you pick these fights and it's like you could have just stay. home and just given them some fucking feelty and you probably never would have seen them again. there wasn't enough goddamn grass to feed all the horses in Europe. and yeah, like they they they were checked in the middle east, they were famously defeated by the mamaluk army uh in uh the the uh, I don't think it was in Egypt, I think it was in what is now Israel, they they beat him, so who's to say that they ever would have even stuck around the fucking desert, instead you got to fucking uh stand up for yourself and then get annihilated, pledge allegiance to the great khan, okay, if I if I'm your unique advisor, I'm going to wear a t-shirt with that on it every day, just in case that you heard tale that the khan forces are near, we love the con don't we folks, the great con, they call him great for a reason, really tremendous. I mean he might kill you anyway, but you're definitely going down if he decides to make you a project. Let's not forget couble, gooble god, couble, uh, why did speaking of Canada, why did Norman Bathoon do all the crazy shit he did, and get himself killed in 1930s China, because he was a G. I mean, he was a g, the guy was a fucking five star pimp, the answer for that question, and that. thing is you can't judge yourself to those standards because there are very few of them they're they're they're apples in the rough and he was one of them apples in the rough that's not an expression how are you gonna for example just example how are you going to say no to a group called the golden hord? come on, it's literally golden. all right, good to be back, should be back next week, talk to you then, folks, take it sleezy.