 Hey guys, hi alana. uh, I'm probably not going to stay on too long tonight, probably not going to do the whole hour, got to do some other stuff and I'm honestly not feeling that good today, yesterday felt better, today not so good, isn't that the way of the worlds during the quarantine, you're feeling all right, you're feeling like you can take everything on, you're feeling like you can take on the black and tans and then you wake up the next day and you're like, oh right, this is all... this situation and nothing's going to change for the forseable future and you start wondering how you're going to make it, so today's that day, not feeling great guys, but whatever, happy to take questions to avoid feeling thinking about how i feel, favorite attitude era wrestler, uh, i actually watched, i don't watch it anymore. I'm not one of those fucking people who watches wrestling from the Johnny is good tweet, here's welcome to twitter, here's a copy of the communist manifesto and also a season pass wrestlemania, I'm not one of those people, but I did watch in the attitude era and uh, I guess stone colds, I mean the guy knew is way, the guy, if you want to get noxious about it, I'm honestly surprised that there hasn't been like a uh painfully cringe inducing Jacob an article about how like uh steve stone cold Steve Austin is like a model for workers because of how confrontational he was towards his boss you know like you should be willing to go in in the stone cold stunner your boss and that you will be able to do that under socialism or something I think that be pretty good but I liked uh mankind too and the rock was really good like if you saw him wrestle it's not very surprised that he became a huge star, is very, very charismatic. my all-time favorite wrestler is from what, the old wwef superstars days, rowy route piper, none will defeat him in my heart, doesn't hurt that he also starred in the John Carpenter classic they live, also the less classic but still pretty fun hell comes to frogtown. RIP to Roty Roti piper, a true king. but the thing is, all right, that's actually an interesting question, the question about fucking uh uh revisionism because like when does revisionism stop, because as many have pointed out, like if you were a soviet apologist, like basically for the Soviet Union post the death of Stalin, then uh, you're a revisionist. and honestly if you want to get really buck wild with it, socialism in one country was also revisionism from what the bulsheviks thought when they actually sees power, so where the hell are you supposed to go back to to find the non-revisionist shit? i mean you could say having a revolution in a country made up of fucking peasants was a fucking uh was was pretty significant revision, so where the hell is this pure strain marxism supposed to be that you're revising from? uh, the book itself, the books, the works themselves, sorry, that doesn't, that doesn't cut it, buse that's just uh, now you're literally talking like bible shit, now you're talking about like, now you're you're you're like a uh fundamentalist for for like what capital, pretty dumb, so uh, yeah, I don't think that word means anything. That's actually an interesting. uh question uh the the from what i understand the consensus among political scientists is that uh he would have won without pero would have took more from republicans uh then from him uh and i think there's probably something to that but who knows? I don't know redpill, that's another thing I don't know what that is either, I don't know, racists, is that what redpilled means uh misoginits only? uh, the con brothers don't get enough flack for how many dods they have, they have basically like one dud, and that's even that one you could argue about, idiot, well, I mean, obviously every term has value from. an epistemological perspective, but I mean in practical terms, I don't know what anyone means when they say a revisionist, oh okay, so it's an anti-semitic. No, no, that's dumb, anything that tries to glaim that there's some sort of class other than capitalist running things is stupid, because it's not like it's Jews that run shit, it's rich Jews in collection, in collaboration with rich everyone else, so like where do you say, ah no, this is these are the guys are really in charge. Oh shit, culvers is doing uh, menu items shit, like what? Putine, I wouldn't be surprised if they did Putin, they got the cheese curds already. I don't think it's going to be warren for VP just because... like i obviously she did her job for the party and she helped k cap bernie and you know she's looking for something for that, but i mean i don't think they trust her just because they have had trouble with her in the past, like a lot of reasons that like a lot of reasons that people who should have known better uh sort of gave warren the benefit of the doubt, i mean and some of it was cynical, but i honestly feel some of it was earnest is because of her antagonistic position towards Obama during the bailouts uh and i feel like that's not going to be forgotten. not when you have options and not when you don't have to give it to her, i mean what's her what's her what's her leverage right now she's already endorsed uh warren she has no leverage so i'd say it's probably somebody who they have there's been like they're more confident of uh like war like uh harris possibly i guess maybe it comes down to how scared they are of bernie people sitting out although the idea of them trying to mollify burnie people by giving it to fucking Warren is pretty fucking hilarious, I'm going to have a nibrated past, hopefully within two weeks about uh upton sinclair 1934, I like that Whitmer is trying for it by like turning Michigan into a police state, I think that's pretty funny, like notice me senpi kind of shit. you guys even noticed that when you if you want to see something on Netflix or whatever it's not there and then when you do want to see it it is or when you don't want to see it it is it's really amazing shut up cold war movies. Well I've said that if you're doing a cold war project, you should show two movies back to back to illustrate uh where the two countries, the two main protagonists of uh the cold war psychologically and were after it, so you watch to show America, you watch Kelly's heroes, a bunch of dudes going on a fun adventure in Europe where they come back with a bunch of gold uh and come and see where uh the deril Wangler brigade does uh fucking genocide in the village in belarus and some poor kid has to like live with the memory of seeing it. i hope i'm at least as entertaining as a stupid cat. well doctor uh, i mean obviously doctor fucking strange love is genius film and probably my favorite of the uh of scubrics films, am i okay? good question, i don't fucking know, i don't fucking know man, bobby kennedy is very interesting to me because the forensics. of that case are very odd uh and also the the history of saran is very interesting as well, he literally was treated for a uh for a head injury uh that he suffered falling from a horse because he was a jockey uh at a hospital that was receiving mk ultrafunding and then you look at the automatic writing in his diary which is very much different than like something from say arthur brammer or some other mentally ill assassin. uh, whereas like you, instead of it being disordered thinking, it's not thinking at all, it's just like reciting words over and over again, almost like trigger words and then you have the fact that you know stippling to the back of the head and the claim that the fight shot was fired from in front, uh, than Eugene Caesar and his 22 Caliver Iver Johnson pistol that uh, that he claimed he sold before the assassination and then when they finally found found the guy he sold it to. has had uh a receipt for after the assassination, very interesting, but anything like that, I've kind of decided that knowing the diff, knowing yes or no is sort of pointless because it doesn't change anything and it doesn't even necessarily change your analysis of like political actors, and there's no way to know, so I just kind of do shruggy emoji, I do like reading about it and stuff like that, I always find it very interesting. might do a south and tails episode, i was thinking of that, it might be good. I don't know man, doing something about the Whitlum government in Australia, I mean it's Australia for god sakes, how how how seriously should anyone take anything that happens there? Not a real country at all. I haven't actually found any really great books about Tiping. I found a recent book that I read that was okay, but it was like for the point of view of like American diplomat or from the diplomatic history, because his his thesis basically was one that uh the typing rebellion failed because western powers after arguing which one to pick sided with uh the king, the king dynasty. Two that they should not have done that and that the typing were better than the king. And that's interesting, but it does. give you the whole thing and it it definitely focuses on like those last half and it's not really from the point of view of you know the people within it so it's hard and then there's a couple others i've read that kind of focus a little bit too much on like the specifics of uh of the theology which is kind of boring so i have not heard of anything great yeah it's a fascinating topic and wildly understudied and underwritten about and underknown about uh considering that it killed like 30 fucking million people i mean my god the American civil war didn't even crack a million around the same time. and um and everybody knows about that shit, yes, well thank you, I asked about the the natural law party and a number of people have let me know that it was all about like TM like transcendental meditation and like westernized uh Hindu shit like the Vetas so that's funny uh who are you into the English civil war and Oliver Krom at all baby isn't who isn't into that shit's great levelers the diggers the fucking grand remonstrance rump parliament uh fucking long parliament uh the barebones parliament uh motherfucking uh Marsten Moore. the fucking raising the royal standard at fucking Oxford uh hell yeah seesor Bristol digger yeah come on Jared winstanley uh fucking uh john littleburn motherfucking prince Rupert of the Rhine what's not to love about the fucking english civil war motherfucking uh Pique Pique and uh yeah field in England perfect uh the covenanters, the scottish covenenters, ah uh, tumble down dick Gromwell, come on, if the south one the civil war, the CSA would have joined the axis, that very theory is postulated in the harry turtle dove how few remain books, which postulate... south winning the civil war, the US and the south being engaged in World War One, um, uh, the the the uh, the treaty system that went in World War One with the US being part of uh the the uh triple uh, I believe Anton of - no, no, the triple Alliance, it's so freshhing, they're both, it's triple antone and the triple alliance, but the triple alliance with Germany and uh, those guys, Austria-Hungary, and the uh, and the confederacy joining with England and France because those were the guys who gave them their independence, and so there's trench warfare in the US, like long Virginia, it's like the Sam, and the US and Germany, and Austria-Hungary and the Ottoman's win in this version, they impos an honorous peace on England and France and the US, and so then a Hitler like figure uh emerges in. interwar America, socialist rise to power in the US, and world war 2 happens with the axis with with CSA being in the axis, but in this one, instead of the axis being Germany and Italy and Japan, the axis is the confederacy, France and England because they were the ones who lost, the theory being that that's what led to fascism was basically losing World War II, we're losing world war 1 in Germany anyway, Italy it's a little more complicated, anyway. All right, um, so yes, that's a long way around to saying this, CSA would definitely have been in the axis in some version of the axis if there had been a world war 2, all right, I got a few more minutes here, shut up, it's cool, there's like 11 books and I read them all. although not really cuz the thing about turtledov is that he's very uh repetitious so you can kind of like skim i basically skimed them for plot developments baseball is of course the best American sport come on uh actually no in the books it's president uh uh Eugene Debbs never becomes president sadly but it's like upton or not upton SClair Lewis is the first socialist president of the United States. and then like one of the lafallits and then Al Smith is the socialist president when the war starts. Chamsky is an old man who believes in parties. Poderers. good futter is pretty good ah what's your name who's your daddy is he rich like me is a tag in anytime - Look, I do not prefer, I like red wine, I got, I accidentally bought a bottle of white wine because I wasn't looking, so I'm stuck with it, I would prefer red, any any pork. in a storm, of course you know to speak of this uh, of course to speak of this instagram life, the performance of an ego transcending itself into language, of course we see, we see within this the the the the the failed. recapitulation of the shelf - expressed through the commodity, merlo is good, it's it's bold and i like a big bold wine, a big sassy wine, i don't understand why everyone wants me to wear a different jacket, do you guys not wear the same jacket every day? like do you guys have 50 uh winter jackets? oh someone says i look unhealthy, that's not good in what way, like i'm gonna die, i don't have the rona i don't think, are there any doctors in the chat if they could like remote diagnosed me with anything? am i okay, am i going to die? oh god. oh boy, oh man, that's i would really like to read something where protestantism doesn't exist, because man, it's it's very easy to blame protestantism for a lot of bad shit, there's no question about that, but at the same time it seems like the like, those forces are not, like the forces that create protestantism are not uh, are not ideological or spiritual, they are material, you know, like the emergence of capitalism, i think would have happened in the... of protestantism so it would have been interesting to see how how catholicism could have absorbed that kind of disruption to its traditional relationship to like the land and to labor. it's interesting. i have no idea. you could argue maybe that the protest that the reformation would have had to have happened, maybe not then and there, but with eventually, maybe it would have happened differently, maybe it would have been uh more peaceful or more violent, but uh, i think it would have been inevitable. because if capitalism is going to come, then modernity is going to come and you can't really have western modernity without protestantism, you know, it's like the it's the uh, it's the 11th urban spice, and I would really like to talk about how by the time protestantism gets to United States, it's not even christianity anymore, it is legitimately not Christianity. it is a pagan uh like uh cult of of of of like acquisitive acquisitiveness, it's literally a a a material cult, it is maloc worship, i mean it is, it's it's the great stone owl, it's it's mamon, it's everything uh, it's everything evil, and then that's the ultimate expression of American protecism is of course mormanism, which at this point is essentially just a market market multi-level marketing scheme, they have the highest participation of multi-level marketing schemes in the world, Utah. All they do is go to each other's giant unfinished basements and sit around with all their children who have 15 ys in their name and exchange and sell each other different MLM products, like it's a bar, it's like a barter economy but exchanging uh like uh yoga pants and tupperwear and sex toys and that's that's what that's what Christianity. is or that's what American christianity is because it fuses with capital at some point and it fuses with capital at the point of uh of it fuses with capital at the point the acquisition of the United States that is boundless it is material uh it is imperial acquisitive ability beyond bound is an entire continent that can be swallowed up by anyone who will take it that is that demands its own religion totally unmored from the from the uh the bonds, like the socially bonded nature of European Christianity, it's just not, it's like it reaches an escape velocity and pulls off, because it has to accommodate the speed, catholicism couldn't uh accommodate the speed, and even European protestantism couldn't, new religion needed to be created, a new religion needed to be created that would uh, be a cult of the individual uh, a cult of um, the cult of the individual and specifically the cult of the uh, the... enrichment of the individual, that's why uh this Felix Gillman's books are so good uh the way they talk about like it's it's kind of steen punky but it it uh it's it sees the uh the development of like the west as like basically themer the human psyche being like turned into material reality like mat like literally the earth being brought into... the mind the space uh created by the people colonized America. Islam honestly, maybe who knows. All right guys, I got to get off, I think, this has been bad, this has been okay. I think I'll feel better tomorrow uh, so oh there, there he is, so uh, I'll see you guys soon, bye-bye.