 Hey guys, you guys watching, it's here, it's here, it's happening, it's really happening. This is real life, this isn't a dream, yeah, that's right, guys, what is it, oh yeah, there we go, That's right, it's time, we're grilling tonight, we're grilling and chilling in this day, yeah guys, so the deal is, I'm going to just do a little test cook, not going to do anything fancy today, this is my first real cook, I just cook some burgers to like get the shit off of a grill, so uh, we got to... steak here, i've got a ah, a yummy looking guy, i know meat is murder and uh, we need to eat less beef, but damn it, well it's there, going to have a little bit more, uh, so you know, trigger warning for uh, participating in the bovinene holocaus, i i i agree, but i'm weak, i'm a weak man, uh, anyway, so we're going to get these coals good in this uh, chimney, which by the way, somebody recommended on here that I get a chimney so I don't have to mess with the lighter fluid, very thank, very, very thankful, this thing is honestly idiot proof, which is great because I am an idiot, uh, so you just dump the coals in here, you light some newspaper underneath it, and it just cook gets them all cooked up and then you dump them out and they're ready, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to be um, I'm going to be what do you call it, uh going to be preparing a steak uh after the fashion of my good friend uh and America's favorite Italian american comedian micro scene uh one of the best chefs i know him and will are really kind of the two best cooks I know uh and he gave me this uh this way to cook a nice piece of beef where you reverse sear so I'm going to do indirect heat for about 10 minutes get it nice and kind of gray and then boom put it right on the front. fire for however it long is to get nice and scorched. we're doing the revers see here out here in this place, we're doing the reverse here, get up out of my face, thank you, thank you. yeah, we're doing good here, we're doing good guys, uh, uh, trying to think of a way to put this thing around so i don't have to hold it, it's kind of annoying, uh, actually you know what i got a uh, i got a thing i'm gonna get, it'll help, hold on, get it back, sorry. uh feels a little blare witch right there, i'm sure that was kind of traumatic, so sorry about that guys, i got a little dude here that i use, yeah, so what you guys, what's up, what do you guys want to talk about? Uh, I got to say guys, I'm not going to really take any questions about the protest movie. and everything because i just recorded a one-on-one me and Chris for chapo this week where i kind of tried to make sense of everything i've been putting together in my head and on here for the last week or so uh into something kind of synthetic and and unified field so i'm really kind of spent on the topic and in fact now i feel really kind of relieved because i feel like i finally expressed what i've been trying to get at and i hope i hope people like it i'm sure it'll be divisive i hope. is, i hope some people get pissed, because if they didn't then i didn't really express myself well enough, but i i feel good about it. so anything else you guys want to talk about? oh man, all of palms assassination? i mean, hasn't hasn't there been like a kind of a revert a slow motion drip by drip uh um limited hangout about south african intelligence ship over the last decades like they they let slip the stuff about killing ruth first and then they let's slip the stuff about beating biko to death and let's slip the stuff about the germ warfare and the nuclear uh weapons plans that all kind of just went over by by the way the same way that CIA over time limited hangout their stuff you know and considering what they were up to in the 80s I mean that entire regime was going through a complete nervous breakdown because they were so under so much pressure and and they were so terrified of losing that the they went absolutely ham they they had they had camps in the middle of the the velt where they had they were barbecueing people, they assassinated people all over the world, poisoned people uh that there's there's accusations in uh cold case hammerers roll documentary about the assassination of dag hammers roll in the congo uh parenthetically that there's like a south african uh front intelligence company uh like um a front medical company created uh by the South African Secret Service to. spread aids uh in South Africa uh and none of that stuff would surprise me the assassinating palm would have been totally in their wheelhouse of what they were up to back then because Paul really what Paul really was the the the point man for global apartide uh uh divestment he's one of the guys who who organized what otherwise would have been a much more difficult uh task of of getting everybody on board you know because otherwise South Africa could have leveraged different sides against each other, you know, triangulated, like China against Russia or something. Oh, I have had chargoled oysters and I am feeling, I'm just thinking about though, oh mona, me, you get those in the you get them chocolate, oh my don't you get some butter, you put the butter in there, you cross chocolate, delicious stuff, man, oh, I want to get some... and oysters on here, i think that might be a that might be one, if i can get a hold of some, if i can get a hold of some fresh oysters, i think there's a pervayer around here, i get some oysters, get a hefty like backpack full of them, break them up in myself, put some border, you get that garlic burda you put on there, and then you just fall on that fire, you get that good fire going and you just can't, oh you cook that boy, you cook that boy right there, that shield, because oysters you get really are never as good as the ones in restaurants cuz they get you know they get prit a place cuz that's where it's the markup is highest so it has to have a certain quality level that you don't necessarily have to have if you're getting it wholesale so wholesalele oysters are not going to be as tasty raw uh i mean the raw oyster is one of the best most perfect foods in the world but only if it's fresh only if it's the right kind only right tiny season otherwise they're still great fry them up oh my god oh my god with their frit oyster and oh my god oh slap your mama but the charger oisters are also a I had them in New Orleans, they're great, we go little little lemon, you put your v on there, you you know I like to do, even with the child grow, I still put them horse radish on there. You know I'm going to sprinkle that horse radish in there even with that but I'm putting that horse radish, I like that king, ooh, that tangy horse radish, it really opens it up, I got to say Kagian food is probably the best American food way, I mean what's it's competition, I mean southern cuisine is great, very heavy though, uh, the barbecue is its own weird uh nerd fieftem that honestly is kind of alienating because of how sectarian it is, it's like all right, get over it, oh brisqued pork shoulder. sort it out, I don't care, it's all fine, just what's in front of me, I'll eat it, settle down, um, like what else, like New England, like lobster's really good, but you know, they do better seafood in in the gold. even though the oysters aren't as good, which is why they're usually better in New Orleans if you get them like fried or charble, because the gulf oysters are not as good as the ones in the north Atlantic or or especially ooh, especially the west coast, Washington, I might be losing weight, I don't know, I think I've kind of like I've eating less during quarantine, so I think uh, I think I've lost a little late, thank you, okay, I think these guys are ready, I think I'm getting ready to put these guys around, so so let's do it, all right guys, ooh shit, sorry, sorry about that, all right, uh, where's my go, oh shit, all right, here we go, all right, All right, so now we put these guys in a nice pile in the middle, yeah, there. All right, All right, putting it over here, and then we cover it, so now we can set and forget that one for a bit, until it's time for the reverse steer, uh, it's not hot enough, some people are saying, all right, I'll get some... he told me 10, that's how i put on put on, he told me 10, but i'll get some more. I'll leave it on longer too, I'll leave it on longer too, I need you guys to help me, so thank you for that advice, like I said, this is this is literally my first time doing anything more complicated than a than a hamburger, so thank you guys, I hope you enjoyed the view of my butt. while i was doing that uh medium rare is usually what i get, if it's really high quality me, i might go, i might go uh, maybe go rare, i don't know, usually medium rare though, seems like that's the ideal way, the golden path, it's all about finding the middle path and everything. That is, that is the righteous path, that is the uh, the four-fold path, and that's medium rare baby. I had oysters in Portland, they were great, I think my best port oyster. experience so probably Seattle, those Washington uh, those puder sound boys are, I think maybe the best boys. I already salted it, I rubbed up the steak, the steak's all rubbed up, thank you for that, thank you, somebody. asked me about buddhism? what was that? i didn't, i saw, i thought someone asked me about buddhism, if they want to repeat the question, i answer that. oh no, messages are being deleted, is is there a mod war? is the mod going, are the mods going to war? oh, uh, that reminds me, um, going to leave this in longer than i would have if i had more hotter colds to begin with, but could you guys somebody said a 15-minute timer? yeah, give me a 15 minute timer so i'll know uh to check, actually no, uh, i'd like to check in like five, i don't have a watch, this is my and my computer is over there, so can you give me a five minutes uh alarm right now, thank you. I think there is an internal phenonometer, I don't know where it is, but yeah, Buddhism is great, it did change my life too, it's good stuff, it's the closest anybody's got, it's the closest to the root that anyone's ever got, not all the way, because you know no one is ever has all information at any time, it's impossible, so it's only a, it's only a sha. of it could be, but it's the deepest to the root, closest to the root, really that guy knocked it out of the park, old harth of gotama, real yeah, a real uh Ted Williams type producer theologically, just one of the one of the absolute conversation for greatest of all time, I've not been to a temple because I haven't been really able to rededicate myself until like I had this moment while I've been in... in quarantine so I haven't been anywhere, like I haven't even been able to integrate the idea of being outside into my idea of my my day-to-day life. I mean, my my routine has been so prescribed now that I it doesn't even occur to me to do the kind of things that would have just like everything feels gone, everything, everything feels very far, because the idea of going anywhere navigating physical space, like oh what am I going to do, take a Uber, what am I going to do, walk, what am i going to do, take the take a take the train, like these are all... recipes for corona coronavill baby to - population coronaville you i mean never mind welcome to koronaville population you somebody is going ham in the chat apparently getting put into time out they have time out how old are you people are you all babies are you are you the age of those fucking kids that that felix used to kill in fort night i will be really pissed if you guys are those little babies if you're little bottom need to be spanked, that is very disappointing to me, I thought I was engaging in some sort of you, quasi socratic dialogue with an audience of of adult pears, not not naves and infants, ah, I've been pranked, pranked by the internet again, I mean obviously when we talk about the way that modern uh, postmodernity infantilizes uh, uh, first world. subjects such as us uh, it's fair to say that yes you are all babies emotionally and intellectually as am i we are all we all have third grade emotional and intellectual reading levels because that's how they like to keep us, it's little perpetual uh budding pubescence who need to satisfy every new eruption within them with a purchase, the ideal consumer is is like the hum the consumption machinery of a fucking young person is like It's like adrenaline, you get like a a hummingbird burst uh because your your personality is so unformed, you're so anxious and you're so vulnerable socially that purchasing becomes the anchor for identity, and you grow out of that, or you did, you used to grow out of that, but as the stimulation increases your ability to prolong that, that awful agoty increases, and this the the capitalistic reward system incorporates that into it profit per'. because that makes us better consumers, you got to tell you guys everybody asked me to recommend books, I am a fraud, I don't read the books, I'm I'm all grabbing towards things, like an infant, I'm grabbing towards these ideas, and then people say, oh, that's and that, and I'm like, I bet it is, that makes sense, I feel more like... this stuff is drawn from the ether than from any kind of accumulated uh rational understanding of the world that i've absorbed, it's very hard to explain though. all right, five minutes, let me check, let me check my guy, okay? Oh shit night, oh boy, oh dear, it's not really doesn't look like it's getting much cooking, it still has to cook, catch more with the coals, so I'm not really going to start looking at it until the coals get more, we might not even, it might might, I might. out of uh phone battery before this thing is done, i have to accept that, but i want to make it good, damn it, if it doesn't work, i'll just stick to Nathan's famous hot dogs and oisters, which i think i'll be able to do relatively easily, just get a big flame, you got to make sure that it's kiss and flame and then just watch those babies just soak up that butter, i mean a young Sergio Leoni, i guess thank you, i don't really know what he looks like, he's certainly a talented director, so many wonderful films, what is bestan nation? uh, Serbia, number one, number one Serbia, no uh, I mean, I'm from Wisconsin right, so I have, I have a bulken uh, I have a i honestly do, for as far as an American can, uh, because I'm from the American Balkans, I have a bulkan sense of of state identity, so I have to go with the Bulcan State that Wisconsin is, and we talked about this the other day, uh, and we came up with some stuff, and I think... thinking on it, I think the true answer is Serbia, it all starts with Serbia is Ohio, that cannot be defeated, I think Croatia is Michigan then, and I'm pretty sure that Wisconsin is Slovenia, so Slovenia is the best Baltic country, because I am from the Slovenia of the United States. the problem is what shit the problem i have is Minnesota has a really good claim for being the slovenia of the balcans too, that's my problem, not illinoi, illinois is not slovenia, minnesota is could be slovenia, i mean obviously i like the idea of Slovenia being wisconsin because then you got the zizik connection which is cute, but i think minnesota might have a better. on being Slovenia than Wisconsin does, and then I don't know what Wisconsin is, it's not Montenegro for sure, it's uh, not Bosnia, I think Indiana is Bosnia, but it's not like Macedonia, maybe it's not even in the pulkins, maybe it's like uh, maybe Wisconson is uh, Maybe Wisconsin's Bulgaria or something, maybe it's Bulgaria, oh Romania, that's it, Wisconsin's Romania, no no, you know what, switch it and it's perfect, Wisconsin Slovenia, fucking Minnesota is Romania, drop Mike, that's done, we did it guys, that's i will not hear discussion. and this is 100% correct, i know it's not bulken, but we're talking the region, because there aren't there isn't there aren't enough perfect analogs, because the upper tier is different than the the rest of the mid-west and it has to be reflected in that, it's got to still be slavic is the thing, that's why it can't be greece, oh shit romania isn't slavic, god damn it, this is tart, this is really difficult. Well that's the thing is that Wisconsin is literally uh the Czech Republic, I mean if you want to talk about direct uh you know that Bohemian. Bohemians moved to Wisconsin, so it is literally in terms of the population, they came from Bohemian, which is now the Czech Republic or Chekia, so if you want to go with that and like allow yourself to stay slabic and move out of the Balkans proper, then Wisconsin can be check republic, and then that leaves uh Slovenia to be Minnesota, it's all very complicated and made up. is the thing and stupid and a waste of time, but at least it's not hurting anybody. yeah, i realized Romania wasn't slavic. i bungle that, they got literally Romania romance language, i bungle it. i'm a bungler, i have sinned, i have sin before the masses, i'm sorry. looks like they're going hard tonight, uh, last night, i was out and uh just bumped into a giant, i just stood out on folton on uh on flat bush and waited, boom, it's wild, all right, we got a 10-minute warning, let me take a look, okay, all right, all right, Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's good, that's good, okay, perfect, you know what, this is going well, it's uh, he warned me about this, it's like, it's not a very, it's not appetizing, it's like kind of grayish brown, like, but that's that's the layer you want it to be when you throw it on for the sear, so I think we're on track here, if I get it on the other side, the way I got it on that side, and I can get it hot enough in the middle, I think it'll be good. i don't know what the internal temperature is, i i know i don't have a meat thermometer, stop yelling at me, i don't have a thermometer, my friend, i'm doing beef because beef is like the lowest risk that i'm going to die, beef is generally the least likely to give me a fucking uh a a bug or something, that's why i'm picking and USDA prime piece of beef so that i can air cuz i don't want to get too vibed out on this, the whole point of this is to be chilling right to be like apply applying oneself to an object but not to the point of internal stress and if i if and and right now like if i was without you guys if you weren't on here i would have one but this is too many things for me to enjoy at any level any of them if i add if i add a thermometer to this mix it just throws off the equilibrium so i can't do it i understand you're concerned and I'm trying to maintain that zen posture, that balance of all of all forces, and I that means you have to know what to drop, you have to know what you can lose, and in this case because I'm gambling that a nice piece of uh of this is really good too, this is like mail order shit, uh, is is is not going to have a parasite in it, uh, I'm willing to roll the dice in order to have a good time and to maintain the chill and grill attitude, because a large part of it. is the gold clichet, the uh accepting the thing, you know, the the ability to to change the things I can change, uh, accept the things I can't, and the wisdom to know the difference. I mean, that is a cliche, but like David Foster Wales was 100% when he's correct when he said, all those cliches that they use in like uh, drug rehab and shit, they are true, and they do have profound meaning, the problem is is that if you only learn them from the outside, they're totally tinny and hollow. and cliche, you have to learn them from the inside, you have to actually go through your life experience to the point where you get enough understanding of something that it ends up being translated down to a little pocket version of that idea, and all of a sudden that cliche has meaning and helps you move uh forward in your life positively. i'm not saying any of it is good, i know that 12 step is a scam and the... dog synonymous is is it just a christian cult i'm just saying that those cliche phrases have meaning if you build it up within yourself we got the we got the copters going you want to hear the copters motherfucker keep staring the sauce keep surring the sauce and to climb the mountain you can swim the sea. you can jump into the fire, but you'll never be free, why did you do that? Karen, Karen, why did you? do that, we needed that money, they never would have found it, really good movie, really, really good movie, want to see helicopters, I always have to stand for good fellows, there's too much about it that I don't deeply respect to not give it the number one spot. Okay, someone saying a isn't a christian cult, I'm just saying what I've heard, I have no idea, I'm saying I have no investment in these things being effective, just that the the there is an observation to be made that really profound life-changing truths are banale when expressed, that's all I'm saying, like the real shit that moves you off of your ken and sets you on a new course, you it when it comes out of... you it comes out in in flat cliches, because if everyone else understood it the way you did, they would all be like that, everyone has different levels of understanding and different vocabularies, and they clang off of one another, and so you just say the thing that's most easily transmittable, which because the other person is not experienced what you did to get to where you are, it sounds like a cliche, it sounds meaningless, because they have to do the work to get around into it and make those words mean something, that's what I'm saying. I think it is a police outfitter guys. I think it's going well, I don't think it's going to be bad, I don't think it's going to be great or anything, but I think it might be okay uh so you know this was i mean my best ones are not going to be on here you know like i when i'm really like the whole one of the chief grill pill uh philosophies is don't do two things at once only do one thing at a time so i'm already violating key grill pills scripture by doing this but i felt like we all deserved it after all this talk and all these journeys together on all these youtubes and all these comment sections just a nice communal thing so for. one time really i feel like this will be fun, but my best grilling is going to be when i have the undivided, it's just me and the grill, me and the grill and the fire and the quietude or the conviviality of a of a friendly friendly eventual comrades that day ever comes. i think it's coming soon, i think the i think the i think the containments seal on the quarantine is snapped, i think people are going to be back out pretty quickly. in fact you can almost argue that uh shit okay you guys want to get really galaxy brand insane i i want to put a astrix on this right now okay this is insane this is like total speculation i actually kind of feel sad saying it bad saying it because i feel like it kind of is irresponsible to put this in the world sort of roco's basilisk style basilisk however you say it uh but it also i can't get it out of my head now that i'm thinking about it so we've talked about how the consumer economy is broken right because of COVID, and there's no other way to recapitalize the American economy that other than the consumer sector, because that's all we have left, we we stripped out all the other infrastructure and sold it off and and outsourced it, so you can pour all the money into this hole, but there's no bottom to it, so it's never going to start pililing up and be useful, and so something has to be done to change this dynamic, because you can open doors, we've talked about this, you can open back up, but that's only going to confess some people to go back outside. mainly people who are ideologically uh resistant to the idea that there is even a virus, IE conservatives, people who have their own ecosystem of uh knowledge their own epistemic tree that say no, this isn't even real, I want to put my hair done, I want to eat the cheesy dip and fippers that uh funklees, so they break containment first, because that's barely anything restrining, but there's still a big mass of people, not even liberals, but like regular normal people who are sort of a political uh who are. Helicopter is messing with my train of thought, uh, fuck, what was I saying? I completely the fucking helicopter just destroyed my train of train of thought, you guys got to tell me where I was when I stopped there. Oh, okay, yeah, now I'm at, thank you, so so you can't get people who believe in the virus to go back shopping because they think they might get sick, because they believe in science, they follow the regular mainstream epistemic. so they're like, yeah, I'm not going to go and hurt myself, so even if you open up, they're still not going to go out, you need to break the seal, you need to break the enchantment of the scientific consensus around covid, you can't do it peace meal, because you don't have time, so what if you create through a domestic gladio type situation, a provocation designed to stoke a series of escalating civic disturbances that essentially give a lot of these urban uh liberals uh a a moral justification for outside and back into the consumer economy so that now when they open up everybody's out there and you can restart the engine. i'm not saying that is true, i literally just made it up, but tell me if it doesn't kind of make sense. but that's one of those like matrix questions where even if it's true you still have to act the same way because you can't know, you know, how can you know? how can you know? it's it's no way. to be proved unless somebody drops a big bag of documents and even then it would probably get absorbed into the question of oh is that a false flag is that fake? is that a deep fake? is that a russian op? is that is that uh, is that is that a government spook op trying to tell us that it's a government spook up? how do you get around that? you know, so you got to just move forward, no matter what, i'm not saying it'll work either, by the way, like it might the damage might be too deep, but That's i think a possible outcome of this is that everybody's fine, like when they open up again, they're like, hey, if I was willing to risk it to go outside to walk around in in a protest for couple hours, how much more now that I've already broken the seal of containment, I've already violated that sense that I'm, I'm going, because the thing is, all of that was sustained by the hysteria around COVID, the idea that everyone will die of it, this will kill everyone, uh, even if you look at COVID, it will kill you, you think it's 1%, it could actually be 15%. it could be 115%. you had to be that, the stakes had to be that high to keep you indoors, to keep you a good person for risking it. so going outside means, well, I value these issues, I value police brutality, I value uh the police state, I value fighting back against these tyrannies and racism, I i believe in those values more than I'm afraid of this spreading this virus, so that means that you have to tamp down in your head how much you fear the virus, so from now on you're not a scared of the virus, which means you're more likely to weg. going out to a bar, wouldn't it be nice to go to a bar? oh my god, oh get a bear in here, oh my god, sit down in the restaurant, maybe, go to a karaoke night, because now and now the fear has been shrunk to size, nothing's changed in the science, you didn't find out, oh it actually doesn't kill you, oh it still kills people, still killing people, it's killing fewer people because of shelter and place, and now it's going up again because of the relaxation of shelter and place, but this is literally the process I was talking about. where we get used to hundreds of thousands of people dying, this is how we end up gaining complicity in it. this is how at the end of this we look back and say, holy shit, 700,0 people died, and we were all kind of okay with it, because we all felt like at some point we weigh the risks and said it was worth it, whether it was because we wanted to go to fudruckers or we wanted to end racism, one is a more uh lofty and and meritous goal, but they are still. both shrinking your spear of the your fear of the disease and also the degree to which you think of it as deadly, the degree to which you're going to notice the number of people die from it, because you're going to start feel personally involved too, because you went outside, you made that choice, so when the body start piling up, you've been uh, you've been now before you weren't, when we were all locked in waiting for the government, we weren't, we were we were good people, we were good people who were following orders, but for the... best of everybody because that's what science told us and we know science doesn't care about uh about political beliefs uh but now that we're out and we decided to it was worth the risk that means that if people die we're going to measure it against that and we're going to be like we made that choice because we thought it was worth it but now we are we are inculcated now we're we are we all have blood on our hands now it's like it's like a murder in the orient express all did the murder out damn spot and there's nothing no way out of that morass now and now they normalized the death of maybe a million people. because now we're all feeling complicit. in it in some way, all right, I'm checking the sticks, so all right, all right, I'm trying, I'm going to try the sear now, I'm going to try the sear, try to sear, I know that's not, not long, just a little bit. I mat my ass is flat, I'm a white boy, I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a thin ass, flat, I'm a flat ass, flat ass white boy, the white guy. All right, I have uh surrendered any plan for this thing to be great than to be right off the bat, perfect hit, but I think I will be able to make it uh... tasty uh, it'll probably be a solid be, but the managing expectations between the stream and the grilling for maximum personal enjoyment, so I set my sites low now, if it's better than that, I'm delighted, and if it isn't, I'm not disappointed as much, and I can just enjoy the ride, I don't have to worry about it, that's grill filling advice from yours truly to thou art, and as I said, I will ensure that it is fully cooked, and even if it's a little not. that uh steak is one of the least dangerous meaats to cook or to eat rare. i do have a low and slow project i actually i saw somebody pointed out how to do the snake method to to smoke with the 22 uh kettle. 22 inch kettle and i have a big hunk of uh pork shoulder that is in my freezer and i was thinking that i could put that baby in the smoker with you and i know you got to put the tray of water in there next to it you just put it in there for like 12 hours or something uh i could definitely see myself doing that that sounds a lot of fun yeah because i look at i it's amazing how this stuff is i was i was a little intimidated by the charcoal because you know i'm not naturally gifted in these kind of things and it was worried it was a little hard to manage and you know maintain temperatures and things like that, but uh, there's a lot of uh, it's a lot of idiot proofing in these things to make it easier to do, I mean they're saying asymptomatic people, think about that, they're saying asymptomatic people aren't uh, aren't contagious now, remember how that was orthodoxy, that was one of the big things that people yelled at each other to convince themselves that it was good to stay in, that it's you could have it, you could have it and still be giving it to people, you stupid, i hate you, that was the justification for for condemning others and for uh, for feeling better about your your shitty decision to say inside which sucks, but now i mean if if it from the beginning you could honestly say, i don't feel sick, i'm probably not going to get anybody else sick, and people couldn't say that's not true. it would have been much much harder to enforce this entire uh this entire thing. this is why you can't do conspiracy theory stuff because it's way too easy to create these things out of whole cloth. so i just made up that thing about restarting the economy right? well i could connect it even further back. they also did the COVID thing uh as a as a um as a false flag as like not as not as made up but like as an engineered uh virus uh but then also in a to that false flagged up in the point of like hyping the crisis and and juking the the science at the top levels to create a consensus around this is being super terrifying because there was a super big crackdown coming in capitalism like the the American economy was at the end of its uh elasticity it was going to snap and things where everything was wildly overpriced and maybe this i thought was this you could just you could short the fucking market like you could do a a a classwide like global 1% shorting of the market where you get is liquid as possible and then fucking just drop the whole thing to the goddamn. card floor and then build it back up with you know that fauset of uh public money, the global cash pile uh and then you have you repurchase at essentially pennies on the dollar and the thing is that's very compelling and persuasive narratively and and if you really think it's too elegant what you end up doing is you start looking for ways to justify that and then you get that you get that... that that bias towards confirmation that people have, confirmation bias and before you know it, you've you've transcended reality, but the thing is there's also a world where that was 100% true everything i just said is how it happened, we don't know if it's this world though, and we can't assume it is because it's unprovable, all we know is what we see in front of us. the steak is not a shoe, i don't have a very hot fire going in something, i didn't get, i didn't use enough coals to begin with, so it's not very hot, ooh, that actually looks good, oh honestly bros and broets, i think you guys might eat cro on this while i eat steak, it's look i just flipped it, it looked good, i think another three or four minutes on the side, i think it's going to be good and even if it isn't there'll be a nice crispy exterior that'll be worth. I forgot that I mean going to need a uh cutlery so I'll be right back. I'm going to roll the dice a bit off, I cut off a piece. All right guys, I know this is a very men going their own way thing, just a piece of steak on a plate, but like I said, trying to manage the number of balls I'm going to confidently be able to toss and a side was going to be way beyond my pig right, so I'm going to take a look at this guy. That's my boy, teabone, saddle Creek, I believe, saddle river or something like that, sound off in the comments if you think it looks good, all right, we got some meat here, oh man, dudes. this is really good uh i have uh yeah look at it oh i got a nice gold i'm but with you guys here how good am i going to do this when i'm be able to focus look at this guy that is medium rare, look at that guy, cook through, oh boy, that's delicious and the beauty of these webbers is now, i just let the b coals burn down a little bit, then i put the top on, you close the vents and it seals it in, it's self extinguishable, just great. so elegant, so intricate and i was able to put it together like 20 minutes, no no ketchup on steak, no, no, no, i like it, i like sauce, it's like a pepper corn uh, is good uh horse radish really probably my favorite, i wish i had horse radish in this damn house, i don't have any at my grocery store, i don't know why, but um, no no ketchup, ketchup is um, ketchup is too much of its own a star, you know, honestly i think that's it, people think ketchup is too fan is not fancy enough, but what it really is is this ketchup is too much of a scene stealer, because it is so richly delicious, it's such a perfect imami and it's so like resonant. it draws attention away from what should other bives be the focus and the star of the show, that's why you put it on something like a burger, which is not nearly as you, tooth some by itself. man, i killed this, i can't believe i killed this, i thought this was going to be a disaster, uh, never did the reverse sear before, like i said, it might be a little little longer cooked at some points, but I'm rolling the dice because you'll only live once and you only grill once. Oh my god, I didn't even mean that. Oh my god, is you only grill, wait a minute, that's not even a that isn't even anything, never once, never mind, distracted, how long have I been on? license to grill baby, license to grill, oh 54 minutes, man this is so good, i realize that uh, as i sit here in my decadent backyard with my my bourgeois accompanyments and backyard grilling and find stakes, my my full David Brooksian embodyment, this is an American white male American consumer of middle age that i should uh say one thing about class that i said on the last stream but i want to elaborate on somebody said that when i i talked about how I think Chapo and other people like us do podcasts where we charge directly to the consumer uh would are technically not not workers under capitalism, not not Petty Boujoy really even and certainly not capitalist, they are artisans a pre-ment and capitalist forum that's still embedded unevenly and eventually will be done away with, I mean look, look you guys see how spotify is trying to buy up all the big podcasts, they bought Joe Rogan, they bought last house podcast on the left, they're going to try to do what George Hurst did to the fucking. gold claims and deadwood and roll it up under one big thing and then the the artisans will be gone just like what happened in the the wollen trades and in in the in the uh 1840s in Europe but we're still there for now we're still embedded in it for now at this point and the thing is somebody said that that's trying to like absolve us of our class position because it doesn't uh address how much money we make the thing is is that income is independent of class that it has a correlation, but that correlation does not begin at the level of class, it is, it's it's like a it's superstructural, it's income is superstructurally related to class, class position is one's personal relationship to the means of production, a laborer sells his time and labor is labor time, capitalist buys it, small boujois uh is like a small whole uh uh you know uh self-exploits as well as exploits uh of others, all that stuff, they all make more and less money, but that's independent, but it court. relates highly with being a capitalist because that's the thing, you get you extract the profits out of the system, you extract the surplus, if you're on the top of the exchange, of course you're going to you're going to have more, and more importantly that so like if I'm if I'm an artisan, I am not part of capital, I'm not a a capitalist, as long as all the money I'm getting for my artisan work, I spend on myself that I just put through my hands, I don't buy anything. I don't hold anything, I don't buy land, I don't become a rentier, I don't buy stock, I don't invest myself in the economy, if I don't do that, I am, I am not even if I'm making millions of dollars, I am not part of capitalism, I am an embedded relic, I am an artisan, but that's not what happens, the more money you have, eventually you buy things with it, that's what it does, so you buy land, you buy more land than you need, you get passive rents from that land, you buy stock now, an owner in a company that purchases the labor power of others, now you're embedded in capitalism, so you are to some extent invested in capitalism's uh maintenance, but that's independent of your role as an artisan, it all flows out of the income of being an artisan, if you're a poor artisan, you will never be a capitalist. I think this has been a great stream guys, good talks, good bants, I think we've got somewhere with some of this stuff, and the skake is out of this world, I realized by the way today, we recorded an episode where we talked about the protest and everything, but it's the first time we've actually directly like talked about the streams and I wonder how many people listen to the show don't even know about. abuse, i hope there's an influx of viewers, because i really feel like i'm getting it something here, and i like the feedback. the petty buis person does not have a fully extractive relationship to the market like a capitalist does, he is exploited by capital. but he also exploits capital, which puts him in a balanced position between the two major classes, which is why the way that the petty bourgeois goes depends on who has the balance of forces on their side, they tip towards the winning hand, that's what happened, that's what's traditionally happened, that's certainly what happened in the Democratic Prime. like the idea that we personally drove away the warren voters by being mean to them is wildly idiotic and unddialectical, i'm afraid, they were as soon as Biden's hand was strengthened by the the the DNC Obama intervention and and the entire suburban white uh democratic uh electorate, the the the six figure plus management types, make up the backbone of the party. decided i'm masson biden, it was all over but the fighting - but the shouting, the warn estas were tipping to the strong hand, no amount of beice to them or mean to them would have changed that, all right guys, i'm gna finish up this steak, i think and uh lot off soon i think it's been like an hour right, i'm feeling really good though, i'm feeling like i'm entering new levels of uh, i'm unlocking new levels here, the the introduction of the actual grill, the imiditation, like this is even in miniature what i'm talking about, the emiminatization of the grilling concept from a a a um, what do you call it, a metaphoror to a direct physical intervention in my life, a direct material manifestation in front of me, something that i interact with my senses, not just virtually with my senses that i feel touched, build up, feel invested. to the degree that i built it up, like and now this space feels different, like this place with a grill is a different place than it was without a grill, i want to do different things with it, it changes my life, it expands my social circle, i'm going to have more people over here with this grill once people start doing that, which is not going to be long, then i would have without buse why do i want to sit back here just like a bunch of shmucks when we have the grill, so i know it's a very facil uh example, but I really do think that that a lot of this stuff is fractal and that like you, a small example does shine a greater light, and and if you look close enough, you can see the connections, so I'm going to finish up this blue. delicious tea bone right now and uh then i'm going to go in oh i'm going to do i'm going to finish movie dick i think this real book that whale is nuts ahab though he's uh um i like the cut of his jib as they say bye