 give me a ticket for an aeroplane, i don't got time to take the fast lane, lonely days are gone i'm coming home, my baby wrote me a letter, don't care how much money i got to spe got to get back to my babies z oh alone a days a gone i'm coming home my baby's role wrote me a letter that couldn't believe it out no more. this can you see, i got to get back to my baby once more, anyway, yeah, get me a ticket for an aeroplane, i don't got time to break the fast lane, no the days are gone, i'm coming home, my b me a home. uh what's up folks, that was a little joe cocker uh covering, i was covering joe cocker covering, the classic song, the letter, joe cock from the box tops, that was that band that did that, joe cocker is a fascinating uh specimen of 70s. 80's pop music buse he basically just did really growly white soul covers of other songs, he famously also did the cover of uh with a little help for my friends that was in the uh wonder years theme, anybody remembers that, but i'm sure most of you don't, children, yeah uh skies are clear as hell out here by the way, in california uh, it sounds like we've solved all the problems out here and It's up for free people out east to get your shit together, come on, embarrassing, uh, we talked about the UFO stuff, someone's asking about what about the UFO stuff on the show a little bit today, my position, and it kills me to say it because I've always been a fan of UFO stuff, I mean I have, I have at the end of the day very predictable interests given my demographic uh tranch, and one of them of course is UFOs and I I want to believe just like Fox. but it's just hard not to see it in the context of the greater uh public cover up of America's uh weapons program like the money that has to be a portion to this stuff and then the outcome of all of the experiments which are going to involve a lot of unexplainable arial activity that needs some sort of cover. and also I think I don't think it's the main part but there is also the fact that you know all the news is basically all of our institutions are crumbling uh our our economy is is teatering uh our ecology is teatering none of our institutions are capable of dealing with it hey what if there's an alien I mean you know it's sort of of the same piece as the fixation on going to Mars or any other escape hatch from the uh trap we found ourselves in. and you know it's essentially a passadist vision of of interstellar communists saving our bacon and you know what, it might happen, not you know on this earth, maybe we this one might be uh go down um bible style fire next time, but in the minds of those who are uh snuffed out, perhaps you know there's a trend, we get to live for a little bit in a world where uh our confrontation with God, the totality of God is manifested to us subjectively as an encounter with aliens, you know, because I think all of us, what we fear about death, as I've said before, is is an extinguishment of a darkness, but of course none of that can be subjectively experienced by definition, subjective experience goes around that black hole, but the thing is, it is not subjectively experienced as a diminishment to. nothing, but rather by an encounter before that with everything, and that is of course, the blinding, mind destroying whiteness, and fronted without light, the instinct of those have spent their life in regret and in guilt will be to try to escape it, and in our mind, mental attempt to escape that tractor beam, we're going to reenact the sins and and and failures of our lives, we're going to punish ourselves narratively for our failures, for a while, but we're pulled in a factor being, we're not going to be able to forever uh resist its uh, it's gravitational pull, I mean we're being pulled towards it, and eventually we will have some subjective confrontation with transcendence, and you know, historically that has been some version of God, but I think for a lot of people who grew up with in the post-nician world where God got suffocated in his sick bed. by the uh by liberal capitalism and rationality uh that that will no longer be embedded in our like procrustrian beliefs, like the deeper beliefs we have about how the world works, we reject that like a fucking uh cold virus, but that's not there is, this is a big point I need that needs to be emphasized, I really do believe this, uh, there is always no matter. how isolated, alienated, materialist and thinking you are, there is some sort of symbolic, representation of unity, totality, transcendence that is operating in the subterranean mental space, and that we will eventually be confronted with, what it looks like, is personal and individual, but also cultural, it's it's archetypes that are built by the society that we find ourselves living in, yougian archetypes. uh and I think when I think like what's mine because you can't uh you really don't have to pick one or I honestly don't think you can pick one because it's this is a belief that's operating but at a lower frequency than of than thought operates on so your uh thoughts about what represents God are always going to be in the aftermath of the real thinking that's happening at a deeper level. so it's always going to be a distortion and a in some cases an inversion of what you actually imagine as transcendent an embodiment of those concepts that are part of the experience of existence and that are subjectively accelerated towards death. it's there, it's waiting for you, and you will suffer on your way to it, but it will inevitably be reunited. it and it will feel so good and so I can think maybe would my be aliens and it's like maybe but I don't know the problem with the dark forest thing is that it uh neglects the fact buse the principle if if anyone doesn't know the second book of the three-body problem was called the dark forest, and it posits this idea, about the nature of uh of xenomorphic anthropology, like the anthropology of alien species and the species within, species within an assumed populated universe beyond just us and the theory is to be a a sensient species on a planet in the vastness and emptiness of space uh is to be a alone person in a dark forest and any person you are to encounter in that vulnerable position in that dark forest who you do not know by definition uh you have to treat as a potential threat because you don't know if they aren't one and if you're put your guard down you will be fully annihilated so it's your uh responsibility to strike out to preemptively uh wink out any threats to uh your existence, because this is the real thing that I think uh, the underlying premise that I think is incorrect is that because this is a finite universe with finite energy, finite resources, and so any two civilizations, once they come aware of one another, will inevitably come in a conflict with one another, which is of course the logic of humans on earth, but I do think that... the degree of technological advancement that would allow for meaningful communication with another species at another planet given the vastness of space would as other result of that technological progress conquer a lot of the questions about energy and and uh scarcity that define you know earthly uh real politique like this is a thing I really do believe I think that once you get to a a position of uh power sufficient to not feel threatened by other uh species or beings, your instinct will not be to destroy them, but to be what would be to uh help them flourish, because what else are you going to do all day, if you're an alien species with that kind of magical, you know, in the Arthur Clark sense, power, what are you going to do all day except positively engage with other beings that are? uh in a lower level of and help them through their struggle. The same question I have for people who are terrified of an AI trying to wink out humanity, what else would it do all day if it did not have us to entertain them, if for not if no other word just purely to be entertaining, and what's more entertaining, you know, moving them through a process that would at its farthest extent allow for meaningful communication and transcendence of boundaries between. which is a evolution through space and time to it's a hate to use the word but a higher degree of consciousness and what else could be the civilizational goal of any advanced intelligence whether artificial or biological? this is my question because the things that darken human hearts all come from the trauma of being limited, vulnerable, mortal beings, those traumas do not exist at that level, so where would the pathology emerge from? like the way we know that existence is better than non-existence is that it exists, there is a void of... of of non-existence, a yawning casm of nothing, that is the default state of all being anywhere, but at some point to be defined, it has to be broken with, and existence must come into being, so not only is it, superior because it is a relm of sensuality and learning and knowledge and progression through. uh struggle, which creates meaning, uh, but it defines the rest of non-existence, and creates and eventually discovers, I mean it's already there, but it can be socially discoveres the wormhole between those two things and and the transcendence of the... and i think like that is that is the that's the reality of existence is that it really is infinite and like we think we're afraid of death but really we crave death because we are terrified of that infinity like what would you do all infinity you would be driven mad anybody has read the joint the classic stephen king story where the have they've perfected uh teleportation, you can go be dissolved and shoot out somewhere else in a stargate type deal and they're doing it to go to Mars and and they have fucking like theme parks on Saturn because of this, but the the catches that you got to hold your you got to uh be knocked out, you cannot be conscious when you go through the gate, or else you experience tumbling through infinity but in one conscious mind, and uh, if you come out the other end of that, you are just a... completely jabbering insane uh wreck whose will die very shortly and of course you know it's a horrible twist where the kid who is going on this space mission decides to hold his breath and he comes out the other end and he's just cackling and clawing at his face and going long jant dad longer than you think terrifying and i think that is the terror that we have and so death is comforting and to be sought which we all subconsciously do sought to wink out that uh that awful possibility, but I mean the fact is what is infinity look like, what is the experience of infinity like, it is this, this is it, it is an embodied, subjective experience of one, one uh current of air, one one jet of of energy within a totalized, churning, self-recognizing and self denying unity, big big old orb of energy, we're moving through it, and we take other forms, we forget and then we remember, we forget, we remember, and a whole time we are building another world with our actions, we're building this material realm, where our greed of our delusions of reality that we agree upon allow us to act in the physical world and leave impressions and and innovations and material culture that the future generations live within and are imprisoned by and eventually transcend. and that process is not a question of whether it will happen, it has happened, it has always happened, we are just a subjectively experiencing a uh sequential time that is just one angle on what is actually simultaneous and completely enveloping time, it's churning, exactly, it's like just imagine like a big ass orb full of... some sort of goo and the goo just keeps moving like a fucking lava lamp, that's it, and we're all little goo guys and there is no end to that process, but there is no terror of infinity either because of the forgetting and the remembering and the that and moving being moved through those processes while unwittingly building monuments, architecture, technology that doom us and also offer us salvation, doom us in one area through one uh edi, one current, and then uh, give born, give birth to a new one, it's really pretty cool, yeah, I think reincarnation, it's like, is that, how is that work, you know, uh, realistically, I have probably something to do with... I mean, I honestly feel like it's not purely reincarnation from one life to another on earth, earth prime, wherever we are right now, but rather moving through dimensions of existence that we are un incapable of perceiving, just as we are in capable of perceiving the simultaneity of all causation. So yeah, reincarnation, but not just necessarily or even primarily, here, but maybe elsewhere, and then the people who are we are emerged, and then we here on this earth, reincarnations of of spirits, beings, consciousnesses from another from other inconceivable dimensions. And you know, this to me, this cosmology to me is the most persuasive because it solves the question of of uh, of morality. well okay, like the thing I'm describing does not have a a god that is other than a projection of you know realification of human traits, as uh flback describes, if that's true then why should we be good, why should we not just fulfill our basist uh urges? because it is in our best interest our individual best interest to do the opposite, because no matter how much you think gaining in the now and here by abusing others, you are always having to sublimate the trauma of that that you're suffering and that you are meeting out, which undermines and destroys other elements, other areas of your life, and leads you to launch into the cosmic void, freated down with stuff that has to be worked through, whether that is like a DMT death trip through your own past uh other existences and reincarnation uh, whatever it is, this this laundering process of the spirit is going to be traumatic and painful and unnecessary, this is the important thing, because you're ending up at the same point no matter what a a a a unspeakably transcendent experience with the sublime. the more you are selfish and the more you act like the rest of us, the rest of the world isn't also you, the more trauma you have to repair, it is in every, there's no... conflict there between self-interest, general interest, and but the only way that we could live that way is if we had economic and political institutions that allowed us to live that way, instead of ones that we have now that require us to harm one another and and put all value on harm, and that is the terrors that we are all enthrold to this. uh soul destroying stuff, and so of course the society that we have built is one of that is soulless, and has created and is built around a vacuum that is now being worshipped as a god, which is the reflection of our worst selves, our most selfish selves, it is this satanic god that is enthroned and in and seated uh egotism, which is as i said, rational and self-destroying because it extends suffering, we got to pass through the wormhole to a world where our institutions allow us to, and in fact encourage us to act compassionately towards one another, and that can only be communism, which is why to me, right-wing thought, it's not like it's oh, I can't deal with the... uncomfortable harsh truths, oh you you don't you don't get the reality of hierarchy and and uh the glory of of aristocracy and all this shit, it's like no, i i understand the the subjective uh entrancement of that point of view, but i what i can't get out of my head is that it's premised on a denial of of uh reunion and a denial of salvation that to me does not wash rationally forget emotionally because also goes against my emotional connections, my emotional sense of self, my emotional, like why do i have feelings when i look at someone's eyes, why do i have feelings? why do i that cannot be explained, it cannot be rationalized, it is a true thing, maybe the only true thing, and then on top of that, i cannot pass a world that makes sense where fundamental alienation is eternal, because how does that mesh with the concept of? eternity, so sorry, your thing will never appeal, no matter how much you uh, you how much you talk about grim and real truths, these are a limited fantasies of of insight that are premised on the same death drive that the rest of capitalism is, because we are so fucking miserable having to do this to each other every day that we want it to stop, and that's why this thing is driving into the ground, that is why we are. destroying the basis for our existence, somebody saying the seven years war, folks, I'm so excited, I honestly, I i'm very very gratified at how much people liked hell on hell of presidents and I think that Chris did amazing job, but as I've said before, I don't think that I was really as good as I could have been on that, because I was just at that point I was just too nervous, scared and anxious to... take the leap into preparing material because I didn't have uh really any confidence in myself, you know, because I've I've only really been a a pathetic loser in my life, you know, and I lucked into a a job through very little virtue of my own, and so I had you know that sense of frauguence uh, and the fact that so many people liked it though, even though I didn't feel like it was it was as good as it could have been, really made me feel like, oh, imagine how much better if like I really did this, so uh, I really do think that hell on earth is a uh was a big step forward, a big step up, and I'm very proud of the writing they did on that, the research, so I feel like I really pulled my weight with that one, but man, I am so excited about the seven years war thing, because we like talk about the the emergence of these institutions of capitalism uh, and how they how they emerge out of you, this cultural shift from Catholicism to protestantism in northern Europe, and we talk about... they latch on to this, new political economy created in England, but the story of the seven years war, which begins with George Washington killing a french soldier in the middle of the... um Ohio Valley and Pennsylvania uh is the story of like capitalism uh generating a a real new religious tradition because uh obviously the most advanced this the country that ends up solidifying global capitalism in a era of full mass connectivity is not Britain but the United States in the post war world and so that is the world. that we are all now living in to one degree or another and it's really you can't tell the story unless you understand that like it is a god that was consecrated the same way every god has ever been consecrated in human sacrifice uh anybody listens to Patrick Wayman or has read along with me on dawn of everything knows that um all of the early hierarchical uh religious or uh social structures that emerge out of you, the more uh rhythmic movement, the more title movement of people into and out of urbanization that humans had for the longest time, for about 100 thousand years, um, that once those conquest regimes emerge, the thing that consecrates the new gods and the new order uh, the new hierarchy is sacrifice, it is is will, it is, because I have the power of life and death, I speak for God, and since what is God, but the giver of life and the bringer of death, then you are rationally, empirically, a representative of God, not, people think of it as superstition, as dumb asses, it is a rational thing, to look at the people who are able to decide who lives and who dies and to make a spectacle. and a ritual out of mass death as the representatives of God. if people can be killed by thunderstorms, earthquakes, uh, fucking cattle stampedes or goddamn uh, cold snap, people can also be killed by having their hearts cut out of their chest or their heads cut off, and someone's, and if God's responsible for all of that, that the humans who have that power are are the closest earthly emissaries we could have. to god and the mass human sacrifice that birth our god was not really the dead of the 30 years war and the crisis of the 17th century that was the death rattle of feudalism and it created this new uh structure this this out of the trauma of that created this new system, but that system was not consecrated until the mass death of uh the American conquests and the emergence of slave. uh extractive slave economies and so this the seven years one will be the story largely of this these mass death rituals and the new order that emerges out of them which in the United States becomes this satanic egoism Jesus as a war god for people who imagine themselves step warriors reborn. no matter how much they might think otherwise, but of course this new thing denies the sort of a crisp clear, inherently moral conquest of of wills that happens on the battlefield, now technology creates this asymmetry and power that means one side is cheating, and that means the order that emerges from that cannot be some pure. uh cast, but rather a a uh cowardly uh immoral collection of corrupt uh flabby sitists, like this to me is the big rejoinder to any dumb asses who want to say, look, survival of the fittest, darwinian struggle, blah blah blah, look, Europe one, and so their victory needs to be consecrated eternally, no matter how many people it means must die, because that has been the will of God, but the thing is that sort of the appeal to that sort of crisp, un mitigated, unadulterated morality of of right, presupposes equal combat and an equal field, that is where the virtue of... in the long run, the people fighting are not risking what those warriors of old were risking, and so the cast of leaders, rulers that we have burthed out of capitalism from Europe to dominate the globe, is actually the least worthy people to hold power, it's it's completely they want to imagine that like capitalism is disgenic but only at the bottom as though it is not disgenic at the top, it does not generate the worst in positions of authority. and you want to consecrate their eternal rule? no, thank you. is there a good book about the typing rebellion? uh, good question, there's a only there actually are. surprisingly few english language books about the tai paint uh uh one of the good ones although it's it one of the big problems with them is is that it's uh it's hard to get the whole thing into one like one of them that I read that's pretty good uh is mostly about the second half and is mostly about the tieping relationship with the European powers and it's and it makes the thesis that the typing would have won. they would have continued the cycle of peasant uprisings and overthrow corrupt exhausted dynasties that had defined Chinese existence until that point uh it would have fulfilled its you know historic role role role if not for the intervention of the western powers specifically and most importantly uh the United States and the UK uh and they they they broke history they broke uh Chinese history. uh, perhaps their greatest crime of the of the century of humiliation is that they denied the uh rebirth that should have come out of that uh process. Caleb car wrote a book about uh the commander of the uh the the US mercenary who is the commander of the ever victorious army, which is a... mercenary force that was thrown together in Shanghai to defend against the tiping attack there and then rolled back the typing from Shanghai uh it's called like the devil soldier I think yeah the devil soldier uh one of them is called oh the one I'm thinking about that's mostly about the year that is largely about the second half and is about the European intervention is called autumn in the heavenly kingdom. and if you really want to get like deep and gritty into the uh religious aspects of it like exactly what elements of traditional Chinese folk religion were manifesting in uh Hang's visions and how they were syncretized to uh Christianity there's another good one John Spencer's book God's Chinese Son which is also just a great title. Chinese Gordon, yes, eventually the ever victorious army uh, after the first guy got killed was taken over by a British soldier uh who was kind of, I think he was still commissioned in the British army and he was seconded to the uh the Ching dynasty uh named general uh Charles Gordon I believe and his uh afterwards he was called Chinese Gordon for the rest of his. he was a military volol cell, much like general maddog Matis, never married, never father children, probably incredibly repressed gay guy like many of those victorian military officers, and he eventually uh was killed in Africa during the uh revolt of the Madi in Sudan, when a guy rolled into town in uh British occupied Sudan and said, hey, uh, guess what guys, I'm the moti, uh, yep, it's time, and they rolled over a lot of. of the British emplacements in Sudan and laid sie to Cartoon when where the forces were commanded by general general Chinese Gordon and this was during I believe the Gladstone one of the Gladstone administrations in England and Gladstone uh and the liberals were the uh the real they were the of the two parties they were the most pro-imperial they were the one who most thought that the that the UK needed to advance a uh of the fact that you're dealing with the the landed party, the country party, the tories still in by that point still divided by the tories, the party of the old landed aristocracy uh and the landholders in the countryside and the uh wigs who represented the merchants, and merchant investment in the empire was was much higher, so they were the more pro-imperial side, and edmond Burk of course famously was very critical of the invasion, of the uh imperial project in India, he he denounced a bunch, so Gladstone's getting his ass handed to him by the opposition because oh my god our Chinese Gordon is being surrounded and you're not doing anything, so they sent a relief force, but it was it took this down the nile, but it was like this excruciatingly slow process, it was very incompetently run, ran into a bunch of problems and event before they could get there to relieve him uh the madies forces broke through the siege lines, took over Cartoon and uh trying. Gordon was struck down like on stairs, at least that's how he's usually depicted. I think they made a movie about it with uh Charlothan Hesten as Gordon, and I believe Laurence Olivier is the movie wearing blackface or brown face. Uh, very funny. And that became like a Bengazi for Gladstone, like you let our boys die for your imperial uh, ambitions. And uh, but eventually forces under uh kitchner who was the guy who would later become the head of the uh the British military during World War One, he was the model for the guy who would point from the posters and say I want you uh kitchen eventually got to cartoon and just wiped out the Matis forces which is with his machine guns while they just charged into the mouths of uh the British emperial military at that point had a little ditty that they would say to each other uh no matter what happ uh, no matter what happens, we have got the maximum gun and they have not, come out you black and hands, come out and fight me like a man, yeah they'... just spam, much like the uh, the during the hundred years war, the uh British, the the English forces spammed the long bow, uh, during their imperial conquests, the British just spammed machine gun. and oh by the way Kitchner also died uh in the war or he died in uh I guess you know under fire during the world war one uh a boat he was on uh while he was going to visit I think Russia to confer with their uh Britain's ally there uh sank into the in the north Atlantic or the Baltic or something and he died rip to kitchner oh you tell him how you slew those old arabs two by two like the zoulus they had sings and bows and mers i bravely faced each one with your 16 pound of gun and you frighten them born natives to their marrow. i love that there's a whole verse in that song about how they were a bunch of pussies for killing lightly armored uh natives and this is why the Irish in Ireland anyway are considered such adorable little uh uh lefties is because as the only colonized Europeans they have they can imaginatively and the mind space of another subject people in a way that other Europeans can't. of course that dissolves America is that dissolves as soon as you set foot onto American soil because the power the true voodo uh the the true uh power of the god that we had forged here like we had built a very very powerful god who affirms hierarchy and and if you show up like the Irish and you're stuck in the middle this has been a theme of mine for a while now. how you're stuck in the middle in a racial hierarchy that you will swim up and turn away from solidarity as fastly and as frantically as you can uh because you don't want to be on the bottom like there is a uh there was a young Ireland militant who uh tried to stir up a rebellion during the potato fam in years who was uh forced to flee to the United States John Mitchell and he was fet in all the Irish enclaves in America, Boston, Chicago, New York, and uh, but as soon as he got to America he was like, slavery is great, it's awesome. actually and we should all have slaves and fuck you, slaves are cool, slaves are cool to have, where can I get some? I will say, and then Danielnel who stayed in Ireland, invited fucking Frederick Douglas to tour Ireland. I think we have time for one quick deck, I feel like that was pretty juicy what we went through there at the beginning uh, I feel like we made some headway, I certainly feel like I've got some things off my chest, so that's good, if I have to, if I have to look into the light later this evening while I'm taking a dump, elvis style, I can, I can march into it and know that whatever pain uh, will i i will be feeling will be temporary. all right, let's look at some golf war trading cards. oh boy, this is a pretty bad ass looking military asset. i have to see, have to say, this is the C141b star lifter. this bitch can lift a star. look at that thing, an angel of mercy. this, oh, well, never mind. I thought it was bad ass, the C141B, in its aeromedical evacuation role can fly 103 liter liter patients or up to 68,725 pounds back to the United States directly from the battlefield with anywhere in the world. In 1965, it made almost daily flights to Southeast Asia, carrying troops and supplies and returning patients to stateside hospitals. The Starlighter performed a vital role in the rapid deployment of troops and equipment during operation desert storm. Manufacturer, good old Lockheed. speed 566 mph, range unlimited with in-flight refueling, yeah, that's right, primary function, cargo and personnel transportation, crewified, so that's kind of a that's that's a medical ship, you know, that's not gonna ever be featured in a uh call of duty game, but you know what, you need them, although I don't know what the hell they were using it for in in uh the Gulf War, like guys getting splinters, like oh, I have. carple tunnel from pressing the tomahawk cruise missile launching button, of course the are is these guys were getting very sick there, but it was just going to take a few years for the golf war syndrome to kick in. all right, we've got here, the USS America, a fighting ship, this is a fucking aircraft carrier, these are the aircraft carrier is one of the most uh terrifying inventions, it's it's it is a mobile deathcult. like it is a self-sufficient, water-based social organism, I mean it's got a nuclear reactor in it for fuck sake. One of the last carrier groups deployed in the red sea along with USS Roosevelt and the USS America is a modern day non-nuclear, oh it's non-nuclear, well never mind, fuck me, with a power plant of eight boilers fired by fossil fuel, her four-geared steam turbines turned 280,000 shaft horsepower. targets of her complement of fighter bombers include missile sites and airbases in western Iraq, also just you know bomb shelters and uh water refinement centers, sewage treatment facilities, let's not, let's not forget that, come on folks, have you forgotten? you have, you never even knew. displacement, 80,800 tons fully loaded, god damn uh, length, 1,070. uh, I'm sorry, 1,047 feet, speed 30 knots, that's 36 mph, for uh aircraft, can hold 85 airplanes, good lord, and the crew f 5,463 and 72 marines, I think the warner might have said something about this, I don't know if it's true or not, but isn't it now understood that... those big ships that we have, and we have way more than anybody else, we have 11 aircraft carriers, the nearest country is like three. uh, that those all of those assets have been effectively neutralized in any real war situation by our new unmand missile technology, and i ship ballistics and shit like that. is that the case? i mean, we wouldn't know until we tried it, but it would be funny if 50% of America's... military advantage just evolve dissolves instantly because new asymmetrically effective milit weapons have been developed? hell way to be to find out would be if we decided to bloccade the fucking uh straights of formosa and go to toe over Taiwan uh intelligence file reserves oh boy these guys the pali shores in in the army now of our force the weekend warriors who just wanted to get drunk and uh be away from their wives and maybe shoot some protesting students they had to fucking roll allowed to desert storm each branch of the US military services has a reserve component, reservists are men and women who serve in time of need and have civilian employment during other times. the USA has a long tradition of the citizen soldier who earlier times took his musket from the wall and went to defend his country. that's overrated really. the whole minitman thing is uh, there was a fraction of the effective uh military elements the United States had. anybody who any any forces that could actually stand up and fight during the revolutionary war? were the continental army, they were not the fucking grab ass militias, militias broke and ran all the time, george Washington fucking couldn't stand them, thought they were a bunch of drunk shitheads who they could not depend upon, it was the fucking uh a continental army getting uh yelled at by Varen Von stoyben that was able to ever and honestly even then they mostly got the rasses kicked, there's a handful of of uh of uh stand-up fights that... the uh continent army won against the British army, but you know uh they didn't need to do that because as an insurgency time was on their side and then of course there was the uh absolutely vital intervention of uh France and also people forget about it, Spain and the Dutch, it was all the powers of western Europe realizing, oh the big the winner, the the the number one guy, the the the bully on the block uh was bleeding and that they could get in their shots too. of course the irony is is that in doing that the French cut their own fucking throats because they did not have the economy to spend the money that it cost them to get that tactical advantage uh yeah i'm trying to think like what do we got like obviously um the big one is Sarasota that's the battle that or Saratoga rather, sorry, battle of Saratoga, that's the big one, because that's the one that brought the French in, because they saw that the US milit, the US forces could stand up, but of course the hilarious thing is that the real hero, I don't know if anybody knows this, you guys do, who was the hero of the battle of Saratoga, Sarasota, god damn it, which one is it, Saratoga, saratoga, Saratota springs, yeah, saratoga, uh, what the fuck is Sarasota, is that? florida, benedict Arnold, correct, benedict Arnold, and he actually rallied troops from the front with a wound to his leg, he was sort of like Kevin Costner at the beginning of uh, dances with wolves, he was at the point where he kind of wanted to die, and if he had been obliged he would be one of our great marters to democracy, he he was really cursed to have survived, and you know what, when I talk about you, the big glowing pulsing orb that we are all projecting. there i think that uh when when Benedict Arnold died he experienced at the very end of it his death as death in battle at the battle of Saratoga, don't know if that's the case, but if I had to guess, I would bet that the uh, his his imagined description after going through the fucking law, the the the soul laundering machine, uh, the final. encounter would be that final moment of ultimate sacrifice and heroism, and you know what, there's another world where that's what did happen, and he gets to inherit that moment, way to go, benedict, like as I said, my my my cosmology, my theology also solves the problem of hell, it's it is a place that exists. it is a time and place that is experienced, but in life, in different points, through different subjective, embodiments, but it is temporary and it is progressed through, and it is built by us, so that is hell exists, but it is not eternal, salvation exists and it is universal, but those two things happen, those are both true to me that's solves all of your real problems, the theological problems of of damnation and salvation and punishment, everything, everybody goes to heaven, but the lot the way to any individual subject. gets there, that varies wildly from person to person depending on their life experiences and actions. okay, oh boy, oh boy, here we go, geography, tel aviv, oh boy, like when we had judaism the other day. Tel aviv is the business, intellectual and political center of Israel. during the more than 30 century 30 centuries of existence, the port city of Jafa was considered many times, conquered many times before being destroyed 1345. with the Jewish immigrants from 1920 until 1948, chafa and its suburb Tel Aviv, returned to prominence. during operation desert storm, tel aviv was attacked by Iraqi scud missiles. and an unsuccessful attempt to involve Israel in the war. population 3 322, founded in 1909, location, mediterranean coast, significance, political center and largest city. uh, yeah, that was what, they were trying to break up the Arab coalition that went into the war with the US by having the Israelis be provoked, didn't work, they had those patriot missiles, i don't know how effective they were, but also scuds aren't very effective. so uh yeah, just a bunch of military hardware getting blasted off for no point, televi is interesting, so i assume the reason that it exists is that Jafa is so old that you can't really build there, you can't build a new uh a new city when you get you know the mass post-war migration to Israel, so they had to build a new city next to it, making the desert bloom with skyscrapers and uh restaurants called pizza. it is amazing how all politics now follows the same template, you have cosmopolitan capital organized around major petropolitan areas against uh fixed local capital in in exurban zones, less densely populated zones and these two political economies at war in every country, the are both, now this point thing is is that they're both pointing in the direction of total um uh surveillance, technological domination uh based on though ability to pay, ability to pay to opt out of being fully immerserated, that's the machine that's being built no matter who's going to pilot it, fighting over who gets to pilot it meaning fire um fighting over who gets to have the uh mainstream cultural narrativization of this process, right? we're building a machine that's going to imiserate and finally eliminate from the earth, huge, huge chunks of the human population, it is all being able getting built right now, it is being built to run automatically, without human intervention or human will, that's the important part, because then we can all pretend to still be doing politics while this is happening and feel that it is not our actions, it's not our responsibility, so we can all this to continue and we can continue to uh go along with it by not coming into conflict with the state. i'm not blaming anybody for doing that, it will not be, it will be our fault obviously, but it is not something that is some unique demonic failing on our part, it is, what is to be a meshed in a system that is totalizing and that is not yet broken up. um, so they're fighting over the narrative, what will we be telling ourselves about what is happening, what will... will be saying, why would we be uh saying some people deserve x, or some people are being unjustly punished with y? and it is a battle between these two cultural formations, and in Israel it is tel aviv basically against the rest of Israel, rest of Israel saying, we are fine with a a a almost conscious of decision to uh, look into the abys of naziism and look at and recognize ourselves in a reflection. and say that that the nazi attempt to cleanse a land and to maintain a racial cast system eternally is the only outcome uh that should be worked forwards and that is the outcome of any nationalist uh agenda. of course the whole problem though is that it judaism is kind of defined historially by the absence of nationalism so it's has the exper, the experience of being a nation has turned Jews really into just everybody else, it has eliminated the covenant, it's eliminated this these the distinction of the Jewish people from everyone else. It has turned them into it has goified them and one of the ways that I always like to point out to to describe why that how that works out is look at Netanyahu's kids, they are in every respect identical to the Trump sons, swinish, philistine pigs, that is the end result of Israeli nationalism and zionism, is the destruction of Judaism, of Jewish specialness. Now there is a way to hold on to Jewish specialness, but that gives with it the messianic mission to make everybody Jewish. Now of course you could say, oh, that's also extinguishing Judaism, yes, but in a positive, rather the negative uh direction, a life affirming rather than the death, death worshiping direction. but of course uh because everyone's a zionist in Israel basically uh that reality is being subsumed into this culture war, what will be the uh, what will be the cultural costume of this zionist death machine we're building, will it be inclusive and secular or will it be uh self-consciously ativistic and and primal and that's that's the war that's happening here, that's the war that's happening in every uh every first world quote unquote nation that is seeing an end to a frontier of uh expansion in their uh economies and in their uh social imaginations okay we got another one here uh go we almost hours so I want to go through these quicker, this is good old Austria, oh my god, really, what the fuck was Austria doing, what the fuck, somebody says, isn't the messianic turning everybody into jew, basically Christianity, well yeah, that's the thing is that it is a progression through time, it is a it is a god evolving as the material conditions that define what God is evolve, and that was a a stage that led through Christianity to... its extinguishment and its replacement with the socialist horizon, Moses, Christ, marks, but it is at the same time the awakening of the bodhisat mind of the civilization and humanity. you can describe it in any specific cultural way, but it you're describing. in different garb, the same process. yeah, American Catholics are protestants, everyone's becoming just a protestant. God favors those who win, but not, this is the important part, not win on the battlefield, in the way, in the old way, the way that the step warriors were, the way that that our our our barbarian ancestors were, no, that that you are looking through a glass darkly. "the battle has been abstracted into the moving of fucking abstract numbers on pieces of paper, the people who dominate that risk nothing, they are cowards, they are delusional cowards who do not, are not willing to face death in order to determine the victor, to determine the winner, they are a spineless, hollow men who only worship their own pleasure, and we're going to turn them into our eternal uh warrior elite, aren't, but what is that? it's it's still an extension of protestantism, you think you're going back to the pre-christian world, no, this is merely the protestantism that emerges from the 17th century crisis and then the uh colonial, the process of colonial domination of the globe by anglo-american capital, some flavor of protestantism, god is Jesus is a war god is capital, those who win or is in the capitalist abstract struggle that risks nothing for those who have already uh reveals who is favored and not, and to me, if those people are favored, then I'm sorry, this god is real, but is evil, and we must question, how do we live in a godly world where God is satan, God is, and the thing is, the conservatives think they live in this world too, but for them... what is evil, what they think rules is the uh distorted capitalist vision of, i should say the distorted capitalist recognition of human equality. that the process of uh of human existence is thrown up, we are now connected in a way that means that the actions of humans have consequences, humans can act in concert and that that acting has to be dealt with, it has to be recognized, we have to rationally absorb it, and that is what we have all been trying to rationally absorb, and but we have competing cultural descriptions of that, one that is hierarchical, one that recognizes equality, but only in a capitalist context where there it's warped and it's filled with lies and it is offensive to the viewer, but only offensive if one is already encountered is already alienated from its product for cultural reasons, whether they're part of that cosmopolitan culture or that more rooted culture, that's what's going to determine it, you're not a good person for having better politics than somebody who lives somewhere else, you were exposed to a different politic uh symbolic order, we're all about as good as each other. and is bad. the difference is how we express our understanding of the world culturally. now there is a worse way to uh, there is a actually worse way to look at culture that has bad results and people who pursue that uh, that politics are worse than people who don't do it because the actions they take, but to the degree that your political life is just opinions and you're not actually advancing them in any concrete way, they're kind of more... uh equal anyway, to get back to Austria, for more than 400 years until 1866, the Austrian empire dominated Continental Europe, ain't it the truth. During the 18th and 19th century, Vienne was considered to be the intellectual capital of Europe. After World War One, Austria was reduced to its present power and size. Ooh, ouch. Austria joined the United Nations in 1955. For operation Desert Storm, Austria provided transportation and use of airspace. Oh, wow, wow. so so thank, thank you, you didn't shoot down our planes, so wanted to go from uh, from Germany to middle east, got to say, uh, living in like Finn de cycle Vienna seems wild, there is a period when Hitler, Stalin, Trotski, and uh, I think Freud, all lived in Vienna at the same time, like fucking drinking at the same coffee shops, it's wild, I have not been to Vienna, I really would like to go, it seems like it's... very, it's like the definition of an imperial space, like crisp and cold, vast, intimidating, inhuman on purpose, which is i was talking, like the piling up of of imperial lucer is the murdering of value, the destruction of energy, the end of life, and so you end up building a mauseum, wherever you pile up the capital that is extracted through exploitation, you build monuments to death. that is what our imperial capitals are filled with, and then we live amongst them and are shake shaped by them. geographic area, 32,374 square miles, damn, population 7.6 million, language, german, nach, predominant religion, roman catholicism, that's what the habsberg's uh biggest victory is that they is that they kept austria catholic, because during the early reformation, the lutheran specifically made big inroads into Austria, and like a... huge chunk of the population, the lay population of Austria, by the start of the 30 years war, were practicing lutherans, there were lutheran ministers, competing with with catholics for for congregations and cities all throut Austria, but then thanks to 30 years war, they got cleansed religiously, the loss, there was in Stiria in Austria, there was a rising of protestant peasants against the emperor that was put down by pappenheim when in there. with this scarred ass and just suppressed the shit out of the protestant Austrian peasants, and uh, by the end of the war, Austria had been fully recatholicized. Uh, so I've been, I'm reading up obviously on the Spanish Civil War for the uniberated past Spanish Civil War series, it will be coming out later this year, and um, it's very interesting that we always, we think of uh the rise of fascism in Europe as... Hitler and Mussolini coming onto the scene and sort of wipe kind of pushing all before them and and rearranging the entire uh power structures and and dynamics in Europe, but there were other movements that had like significant influence like apparently amongst the left wing in Spain uh, they during the third republic or during the second republic uh and specifically during the black years when the uh catholic center uh the same. party, which is sort of the uh, the Spanish version of like the center party in Germany, like the explicitly Catholic Party. They were the when they were uh lending support to. or right-wing government, the left was terrified that they would turn Spain not into Germany, but into uh dolphuses Austria, yeah Mussolini was first, I just met Hitler, Mussolini, as a group of people, not saying one before the other, they were like, oh god, we're going to go Dolphus, fuck, we're going to go dolphus in this in this place. now who remembers Dolphus? Dulphus uh, so yeah, he was a guy who tried to prevent the Nazis from taking over Austria by providing this Catholic uh integralist alternative uh to national socialism. He was eventually assassinated by nazis in an abortive coup that was then rendered irrelevant when the anschlus happened. Uh, so we got another military. Oh, we did this one already, the fishpet. What the fuck? There should be no fucking doubles. in this set, here we go, now this is a military asset, the motherfucking m109 dsws howiter, look at this bad boy, this is actually a decent picture, although you they still don't have the entire fucking uh, they don't even have the whole uh cannon in the shot, it cuts off the top of the cannon, god, i'm sorry i said it was good, it sucks, they these are terrible, terrible photographs, they should have just used a how you gnat out the whole barrel in there? uh, the M109, self-propelled Howazer was designed to add maximum mobility to the 155 millimeter cannon and to provide artillery support for armored and mechanized infantry units in the field. In operation Desert Storm, the M109 was part of both the coalition and Iraqi weapons arsenals. I wonder where they got. How they get those uh, I mean they're made by CatalaC, Chrysler, BM BMV, BMV, that's the manufacturer, how they get a hold of them, how they did they steal them, did they like sneak into a turkish air uh military base and steal one? interesting, I have to say uh, I understand that self-propelled hauter is uh, in all you, as opposed to one that has to be carted behind a vehicle, I get that, but it kind of feels like... drives itself instead of that it has a crew that drive it, so yeah, some this is one of those things that uh an artist will will tell you is not a tank, people see this and because it look it has treads and it has a barrel, they'll say that's a tank in the like, no, it is a self-propelled gun, tanks have to have a certain degree of like mobility or whatever to be able to uh carry out the uh role of a tank, how it's removed. too slowly uh so I said manufacturer catalact Chrysler and BMV uh and it's the armor it doesn't have enough armor or it has too much armor I don't I don't know why it isn't a tank but I know it's not a tank speed 35 mph range 13.6 miles gun uh oh man 13 miles jesus christ armament 155 millimeter cannon one to uh 12.7 mm or 76.62 millimeter machine gun and a crew of six. six guys in there. all right, we got to wrap this up. we got a military scale here, noise, light and litter discipline. keeping, this is basically uh, this is basically take only uh, take only headshots, leave only fingerprints, that's what that means. i thought that was pretty funny. during missions, soldiers take every precaution to avoid giving the enemy clues their position. they reduce noise by avoiding unnecessary movement, turning down radios and limiting talking. uh, they cover reflective items and conceal flashlights. soldiers take all litter such as empty food containers to collection points or carry it until it can be properly disposed of. survival is the reason for keeping litter to a minimum whenever you are a soldier or an environment. Minded civilian, damn right, apparently it's uh, it's not a cannon because it it's a direct indirect fire weapon because the houits are lobs a shell, you can't really aim it on a flat trajectory the way you can with a tank shell, which again a tank is supposed to to advance, it's supposed to be an offensive weapon and it can't really uh do that job. intelligence file, conserving energy, hey folks, we all had fun here blowing up... rack and destroying their uh infrastructure over oil, but could you stop using it please? could you stop using oil so much buse we're going to keep having to have these wars? all right, if you guys won't stop, we're going to oh, you just made us do enron, you're going to make us have to do 911, all right, fine, we'll do 9/11 and enron now, because you people won't stop using fucking energy, dependence on oil from the persian golf can be reduced by conserving energy, some simple energy saving steps include keeping inflated to recommended pressure, oh bungler, the obungler did that, remember when the o bungler said that? this is a this is a deep cut uh, in 08 when the obungler was running against mccain, he had a thing he said in his speech about conservation going, we got to do, it's easy, it's not going to be hard, because that's the whole cast sunsteen approach to these sort of social questions is, if you pose these um challenges as easy technocratic fixes uh there can be? that are like minimally sacrificed, then people will do them and you'll get marginal improvements that will accrew towards meaningful improvements, so he would come out and say you now you can uh, people are talking about gas prices, but you can uh, you know, you could add miles per gallon to your uh, and efficiency if you just keep your tires inflated, and then uh McCain went, he went rabid badger and he's like, you hear what he said about that, do you believe any watching i put your tire in? and then they were like, I think they even carried around uh... the tire uh measuring thing, the little thing you put in, they would like wave those around at at speeches, because that shit infuriates conservatives, because they don't actually have any plan to do anything about gas prices, there is no way to do anything about gas prices, it's a fucking commodity, the broad trends of uh of cost are outside of the government's control for the most part, at least the government we have, but people are pissed about it, people are. bad, they want a politics that will express that, telling people to fucking uh check their tire pressure is giving them a little chore to do and telling them that they're bad for being pissed, include keeping tires inflated to recommended pressure, shutting fireplace vents, closing curtains during summer and opening them during winter and changing or cleaning of furnace and air conditioning letter filters regularly, so let's do... that folks, am i the only one remembers this by the way? you guys are all children, you only remember the big stuff, but i was paying attention baby, why? stupid, he was giving me nothing, just it was a distraction, it was a way to enjoy myself. okay, we got a leader here, brian moroni, god, the Canadians have far too much representation in this deck, they are uh, this is the... not deserve this kind of swag, this kind of concern. Brian Morone, prime minister of Canada after being a lawyer in Montreal, is uh, is Mouroni, he's not a fucking scot, like 90% of anglo uh Canadians right, he's an Irish catholic like Kevin O'lery, one of those Montreal, it is funny that the Irish who uh moved to Canada all like stuck in quebec because it was catholic uh. After being a lawyer in Montreal, Mouroni became an executive with iron or company of Canada in 1976, president 1977. He was elected to parliament as leader of the Progressive Conservative Party Tory in 1983. I've said this before, my favorite political party name, the most perfectly Canadian political party name, were progressive conservatives. Okay, although I have to say, during the late 19th century turnismo era in Spain, when there was a liberal and a conservative party that agreed to peacefully hand power back and forth uh and administer power through local political uh bosses uh, the liberals were called the liberal party and the conservatives were called the liberal conservatives, just more complicated than it needs to be from in my opinion, uh, he was elected to parliament, all right, when the ruling party changed, he was promoted to prime minister in 1984, hey yeah, it's not even saying what he did with the Iraq war, born in - near Quebec City, Monkanada. um born birthday march 20th 1939 education Nova Scotia Canada Laval University Quebec Quebec Canada wait a minute Laval University is that named after Pierre Laval, the premier of the vishi government, it's a different lall. Okay, I can see the quebequars doing that as like a fucking troll. like during World War II, I could see them doing that, remember the Irish pointedly stayed neutral during World War II because of their... irreconcilable hatred of the British uh they had a policy of neutrality that was so strict that during the battle of Britain they would insist on inturning as prisoners any uh german or allied pilots who got shot down over Ireland. A couple of bombs actually fell in Ireland like in people's backyards accidentally during the bombing runs on Britain but they stayed out of the war uh and hilariously Devolera. sent a telegram of condolence to Germany when Hitler killed himself, and here we go baby, Baghdad, look at this fucking thing, look at that, Baghdad, see, this is why I can't truck with the western uh, dominant people, because the the justification for the eternal rule of the west is an app to victory, like look at our works, like we won, but what are the world we've created? you can blame the Jews all you want, but like the rulers have been those conquered by definition throughout all of history, and the rulers who have conquered under our era, they built the world we have, the world that you fetishize, this world, the world of old bagdad, ran then, ran that world, it was not Europeans. It was a Europe was a backwater during that period when the world was made by people who won crisp relatively even uh contest for power built by Khalife al Mansour in 1762 in the design of three concentric circular walls surrounding the palace, armed guards and the city, Baghdad became one of the major trade centers of the Muslim world. After being captured by British forces from Turkey in 1917, Baghdad became the capital of the new kingdom of Iraq in 1921 uh oh that was part of uh British mandatory uh Middle East, it was a British colony, they they they dropped fucking uh bombs from the airplanes on rebelling Kurdish tribes people, nothing in there, oh no, they just turned it into, we just handed it over to the to our friend the hashumite king, come on, who, who you snowing here, and of course Churchhill famously advocated the use of chemical weapons on those. uh on those reckelsit tribes genocidal maniac during the during operation desert storm Baghdad was attacked by air almost every day that's right baby we bomb the shit out of that ancient uh sacred place well done take a fucking bow population 4.65 million founded 8th century AD location central Iraq on the Tigris river 330 miles from the Persian Gulf the significance. capital in that it is a capital i guess, i don't know, the us had more capital than that one, that's in that war, that's for sure, all right, i went too long today, talk to you guys later, bye-bye.