 There i am, I'm out, uh, we're here, we're starting, there it is, hello folks, my nadam, ladies and gentlemen, madame, me miss you. How you guys doing? beautiful day today, it was very uh, kind of overcast earlier, but it's nice now, uh, so having a good, having a good time, how's everyone doing? uh, there was something I think happened on Saturday, uh, I think it was a tweet by, it was a, it was a interview with Joe Biden, I think he talked to Trevor Noah, and it was so just striking. to me when it when it happened and what he said that i felt i need to talk about this but i also needed to grill so i ended up grilling instead but i feel like it's two days later and i feel like i still need to talk about it so uh what's his nuts joe biden was on uh oh trevor noah right he was on the daily show and he's now doing his whole police reform stick right, hey guys, i'm as left-wing as you are, i'm not want to do any of the stuff you say, but i want to say i want to do it in a way that will get you to stop yelling and vote for me and stop scaring suburban white people, um, and so Mr. crime bill, having to reinvent himself says, we need less prison, we need less jail time and more mandatory uh rehab, mandatory rehab he said. we need to stop building prisons and start building rehab centers. now i hope that's pretty obvious what the problem is there right? you have essentially just taking the same building with the same functions and the same staff and just change the name of it. i mean the parody of liberalism right? just hey, would you like a less a less abress of? would you like a a less of a bummer of name for this? would you like a more soothing, more euphamized name for this thing? that is going to be exactly the same. because obviously the question is why the hell these people need to go to rehab, why can't, why can't why do we have to treat this as a is a place where the state intercedes with with the ability to like put people behind bars, imprison people, it doesn't matter if you're there to dry out or if you're there to be punished at the end of the day you're being held by the state, and there's a reason that prisons were originally called penitentiaries. because the premise was you were supposed to spend your time, your mandatory time in prison being penitent, thinking about your sins and and trying to get absolution from them through repentance, penitence, the penitent man shall pass, now rehabilitation centers, it's the exact same model, it's just desacralized and modernized and liberalized, because we don't believe in sin anymore, but we sures how believe in disease and addiction. but it say plays the same social role. both sin and addiction are personalized excuses for behavior that is on aggregate the result of the exploitative and alienating uh mode of production and political economy that they're living under. that's what it is, you have a social phenomenon that you treat as an individual failing. when believed in God, it was it was sin, it was inherent. man's inherent tendency to fall towards sin. now that we don't believe in sin, we just believe in optimal and sumtimal outcomes, uh, it's an addiction, it's it's an illness that we can treat, but how do we treat it? the exact same way, getting people off the streets, getting people behind bars, dominating them, in the in every in the cliche, fuconian sense of dominating their biopower, and that really shows how in the current mode of crisis capitalism, there is no room. for less prisons, there's no room for less police, they're not going to do it, because the system is only going to create more and more social dislocation, more and more alienation, more and more discontent as the wheels come off of this fucking thing, which means the need to control that through brutal authority is going to becoming more and more important, so they're going to be just throwing everybody in jail for mandatory rehab if that's what it takes, but the same the fundamental reality is the exact same, it is, it is a society trying to defend itself against the implications of its own exploitative economic structures by personalizing and pathologizing social phenomenon. under whatever name they want to call it, but both of them are efforts to deal with the fact that the system will not allow itself to not have this at its disposal, because violent crime is one of those things that is an inexurable and inevitable byproduct of social alienation under capitalism, it can't go away, so it has to be dealt with, and you can't uh seed the states authority over. because that's what allows a functioning market system to operate is security as the first principle, people aren't going to trade stuff unless they can be sure they're going to be able to keep the proceeds, they're not going to get ripped off, that's that's the basis, so that's the kind of stuff, when they say that it tells you that this is that there there is no reforming it, and that is that's both sides of the observation that you know abolish the police and abolishing uh uh uh prisons are you know worth pursuing because they're radical, and they are radical in the sense that they're not compatible with capitalism. it's just a question whether using that as the folkrum is what's going to get you uh capitalism's defeat, i don't think so, um, but it's certainly an undigestible demand, and uh, it'll be, it's it's instructive to see what the what the offer, what the counter offer is. Biden is essentially his role there is essentially is a middleman between this big group of people who are dis are alienated and pissed off about the status quo and capital he is the middleman he says i'll talk to these people and then they come to an agreement so whatever his terms are are going to be the minimal terms at least of of capital so i think that's why people are worried also uh about the the the protest because because "there are some things that are easier to accommodate than others by capitalism, it's easier to do something like switch the police from public to private, or um, you know, change prisons to rehab centers, do something subtle, it has the appearance of change that will only further reinforce capital's authoritarian control, uh, and the thing is, the thing with that though is, yeah, of course that's a danger, there's always a danger, you still have to pursue. every avenue that is in front of you, and those are the avenues in front of us right now, but that is the fear, you know, it's not totally uh, it's not totally bad faith, it's not totally just an attempt to to invalidate the the um protests or to give oneself an excuse to not participate, that is a real fear, that's a real danger, because you know there is an open question how much pressure is going to be apply before it starts to gutter out, and how sophisticated the... the uh the attempt to coopt and and recuperate the the the issue of police brutality and and overpolicing and militarized policing uh increases too, but yes, it's very funny hearing hearing biden be like, mandatory rehab, okay, so you got to go, what is that they mean, that means there's a guy with a gun comes to your house and he puts on handcuffs so you can't go away and then he makes you go into a building where you have to stay until you're done with being rehabilitated there's bars on the windows you can't go home like the prospect of hey how about people just do drugs and if they need help they are you make it very very easy for them to get it like free and highly available and you allow people every point of contact possible with social services that could ameliorate uh their their addiction? how about that? is that an idea? sure, but it's an idea that would require this massive public investment that the thin margins and the terminal crisis of capitalism aren't allowing. uh, people are asking about matsaibi and i'm this is not a dodge or if you can claim it. if you want, but part of the grill pill for me is, I mean, I'm obviously on Twitter less than I used to be, I post less than I used to, I spend less time on my timeline than I've ever done, and part of that is that I ver i i refuse to follow certain stories, I find now I have to like make sure what's going on in a broad sense so that I can talk about it on the show and here, but there's stuff that I just on principle refuse to pursue, and anything involving media, like meta arguments, I don't care for, not interesting, to me, irrelevant, to me, dectare rearranging on the first order, you're talking about canaries in the coal mine, but they're in their death throws, bang in their heads and against the cage walls and each other, accusing each other of being the reason that they're suffocating, but it's too late for them. so yeah, i can only claim that you, i think Matt's a pretty a damn good reporter, and i call a couple thing, and the premise that there is a hysterical self-reinforcing ideology among the media class is unimpeachably true, and anybody's trying to pit a nit picket without con like confronting the actual charge, i think is giving away the game. it's just that the thing is is that they would admit it, you you put them under truth truth truthizer, most of these media people will admit, yeah of course there is, but the next phrase is, it's a good hive mind, it's a good consensus, i love big brother, so i don't care that there is a very stifling, high my consensus that is enforced on social media by members of the actual media, the people who can get fired basically, the people who are decided to make that place the breakro. and it's true, it exists, but they don't want to even give that away because they haven't because they haven't proven to their uh interlocutors or the on looker that their priors are correct, so they can't just say yeah, but it's good, but that's what they mean, and a lot of they are yelling at a taibi and trying to pit nit pick specific points, seems to me to be about avoiding that question, like just say you just say it's good, don't act like it doesn't exist, don't act like everybody. in this media class, whenever any issue comes up, especially along very tense racial, gender lines, that you don't know instinctively what would get you in trouble if you said it, and therefore even if you think it you wouldn't put it down, see they can't say that because in their the fiction, the fiction of their uh their world, nobody ever who is good has those thoughts, nobody, they don't even think wrong thoughts, it's not a question of enforcement, they've fully assimilated it, and of course they have... have because they're all insisting it to each other, they're all at the fucking uh mexican standoff, none of them can admit that they're not in, because if they admit that hey, maybe sometimes i don't think this stuff and maybe i don't say this because of that, they're out, they broke the circle, they're done for, that's obviously true, that's like, but the thing is you can't talk about it, because obviously nobody inside will say it cuz they're outside if they do, and they can't, they don't listen to anybody outside, because they can point to x, y or z surrounding and distracting facts or bad associations to nullify the criticism. that's why it's an anti-dialectical nightmare space and where you can't learn anything there, because all anyone is doing is preserving their place within a hierarchy, and it's the most fraught and it's the most hysterical and it's the most absurd in the media, because they literally have their jobs on the line, it's not just personal clout, like it is for a lot of us, so of course it's like it's frenzy, i mean like david graber in debt talks about one of the things. made the conquistanor so cruel, so notably cruel in their colonization and conquest of uh Latin America, it's that they were all basically debt pions of the crown or some fucking uh um merchant house or or or group of nobles, they were all wildly in debt, and even though they were all noblemen and it was just this golling horror to be just hounded across the continent by this fucking debt, and that's the same way with these media people, they're more. vicious and ferocious because their lives depend on it, the lives they want anyway, they think they want, and this is what I mean by shiboles, like they have to believe that everyone truly believes everything they say, because the only way you can judge anyone is what they say because there's total bad faith assumed, you assume everyone is out to get you or nazi or whatever, unless they say the right words, that means the words have to mean something, that means you can't just say the words and not mean them because that breaks the whole thing apart, it destroys the fantasy, it it destroys the the the like the ideological justification for its reinforcement psychic psychologically, and so when someone says that, well the good news is they would only say it if they don't if they're not fully in the group, right? they would only say it if they've already been exercised a little bit, because then they don't have that to fear, which means of course they'd say that, and so every is just some version of get allow to this guy and you wonder, well why would you even just say lol or this sucks? why would you do that? so that other people can say yeah too, and you can remind them that you're on the right side, and they can all remind each other in the comments that they're on the right side. like that's why everybody brings up these people they hate so that they can reinforce to the group that they're not that. this is why it is poisonous and and absolutely uh enervating place to talk to anyone and you shouldn't do it, you should hang out with your friends, twitter is for hanging out with your buddies and your... friends, i understand that clout is the difference between life and death for many people now, you know, i understand that the difference between your gofund me succeeding and you getting chemotherapy and you're not getting it and you fucking dying on the job is whether or not you have enough clout to get to go fund me, so it's life and death even for people who don't work in media, but for people work in media, it's even more immediate, immediately so... i've yet to seen anybody arguing like Nathan Robinson, it's like it's actually, I mean he came the closest I guess to any of these people to have to just saying, it's actually good to have a stifling conformity of thought like that, even though you're not inforcing it power, that's the thing, they think it's good, because like any you know, and it's true that like a communist or socialist state would have a reinforcing hegemonic cultural like standard that would be enforced through informal and formal channels and through manners and things like that, of course it would exist, but we don't live in that fucking country, we don't live in that society, this shit is just pounding into a base of pure hyper exploitation that's only getting worse, that's that's that's that's the that's the firmament that your culture is banging on to, so you're not prying at the bricks, you're reinforcing them, you're stamping them in even tighter to use a bunch of awful metaphors in around there, like all you're doing is alienating people from the idea that there can be an objective truth, but you don't think people notice this shit the way that Trump gets like treated by the med, you think there's nothing that the media has responsible for the reason that nobody like nobody who voted for Trump believes that COVID is even a real thing even though it's killed 100 thousand people, i mean obviously these are things that you're not always contributing to and they're going to exist anyway, but you make them worse, they've made them worse on purpose because they needed to signal it to each other that they were good people because of the the crisis, the america the great american uh uh identity crisis provoked by Trump winning, but yeah because but the thing is because the people who hate the media and say it's fucked up or all right-wingers? oh well, i guess we're actually good, even though the fucking media is one of the most easily analyzed categories of cultural uh matrix when it comes to like. marxism, like like that's when you people talk about the base in the superstructure, like the media is one of the absolute prime movers of creating a hegemonic ideology, that means a capitalist ideology, that means that the media is capitalist, that there is no objective center that they're operating out of, and so that there's this weird defensiveness towards the press that comes when it's attacked by the right, and it's like i get that to an extent, you know, because they are the... they're attacking them for saying things that are true, you know, or sometimes, but a lot of it is, like they're mad at things that are true, whereas you should be mad at them for all the things that are false, but I think you end up in the long run doing more damage to the cause of breaking through these ideological blinders and and spreading uh socialism by allying with the awful media against everybody, say no, the media sucks and try to like reframe how it sucks. because you can't get there from here, you can't go down and get get us. I mean, if the if the Sanders campaign didn't help prove that, I don't not what. But because we're in the media, because media people also are literally in, like their jobs are abstracted to the plane of pure representation, like their job is to represent what happened, so it's very easy for them to see the world as representation, but it's not experienced that way for most people who don't have that. lifestyle, you actually work, or even people who don't work, but just don't spend all their time online, and you have to get to those people some way, I still don't know what way it is, but it's sure shit doesn't involve taking the side of the fucking media, when if the media is right, you're wrong, you know that, like the way they frame things, if the media is really an arbitor of reality with any kind of trustable guidelines that way, then are wrong because the world that they uh tell is not the world you see, but no, they're not, they're lying. ah, i'm having the mint chocolate soiled, i've had it like i've had like three times, it's not good, i'm always, i'm always trying, sometimes i'll try a new one just to see if it's different, but the all have the same kind of there's an aftertaste that's noboino, not. for me, but hey, now I don't have to have dinner, maybe I'll have a hard boiled egg, or rather a soft boiled egg, I do like those more, you got to get a little bit of gum. Uh, somebody said uh, the stock market is detached from the economy, I don't, maybe it's replaced the economy in some way, you know, the entire economy is is is on borrowed money, like in every sense. uh, I do hope that this uh Supreme Court decision today uh doesn't do what I think it's designed to do honestly, which is uh reassure uh colliky liberals that the the Supreme Court is a salvageable institution, and I think that's John Roberts. job and I think every relatively liberal decision that Roberts issues is part of a strategic given take where they give a little bit and almost always on social issues if you'll notice, very rarely on things like voting rights, uh, or corporate governance or regulation at all, so all the stuff that protects like the vital organs of capitalism and and the maintaining political power of capitalism through the voting right stuff, they're willing to give up anything else really within reason. uh, because they don't want to become so politicized that even that the center of gravity on the left move so far that even regular democrats have to essentially promise to pack the court or abolish it or something, because they are vulnerable to that, it would not be difficult to render the Supreme Court obsolete, you uh, expanding the court is only requires uh two-thirds of I believe two-thirds of the senate, and you might say, oh, the that they'll never get that, but hey. things get bad enough and they get their shit together as a party they could, you know, it's not impossible, and they want to make sure it never happens, they want to be sure that when their a level a liberal government gets back in and starts doing things like trying to do medicare for all, they cut it off, they they stopped that that invasion of uh state oversight and uh state management into the economy, and that only happens because they tampered people, they tampered people's uh frustration with the court as an institution with the strategic handoff of certain things, because it's not really the skin off of the ass of any corporate power uh that that they've extended title uh the civil rights act that way uh and as everybody has pointed out as long as you have at will employment every state allows you to fire people for being gay, you just have to be not a bunch of enough of an idiot to leave a paper trail or evidence that you that that's why you did it for that could be indicated in court because otherwise there's no case. if you just say you're fired, they can't do anything, but now how many, how many articles are we going to get about, wow, Roberts and Gorsich, surprise again, well are we seeing a moderation on the court, which gives more leeway to every fucking uh liberal who wants to to say, no, no, the Supreme Court is a vital part our institutional framework of checks and balances and remember Earl Warren, he was cool. I say uh, make the Supreme Court uh, the size of major league baseball, and instead of deciding things, they just play baseball games, and then like they can assign winners and losers to the cases based on who won the game, it doesn't matter, it's not connected to anything, what are you even, why are you here, how did you get here, marshall you fucking asshole? Now judicial review, like half the shit in the constitution presumes a non-partisan nature that democratic governance is basically incapable of ever producing, because you never have totally unified class interest in a country that styles itself a democracy, even within the capital class, it's absurd, because there are different industries with different desires, there's a city in the... the gentry and the in the uh and the early uh merchants are always there, i mean my god these guys came from England, England had already had a civil war, which even if they might have remembered it as being about religion was really driven by the growing um economic conflict between the urban centers, the merchant trade-based urban centers of England dominated by the puritans and the landed gentry of uh of like... uh post feudal land owners who are the tories, the cavaliers, because protestantism corresponds with degree of uh economic uh complexity. in Europe and then in the United States, because your protestantism needed to be able to fit into your pocketbook, it had to be small enough to fit in the pocket book, and that means it had to be like based on very few simple concepts and that made it hostile to things like icons, things like um cathedrals, things like a a ecclesiastical bureaucracy, you need to be sit around a table with your stupid b cut because the rest of your body and mind were devoted to making money, the langer and the and the godly presence of older religions, of of of the medieval religion, medieval christianity, there's no place, you're moving too fast, you've got too much to do, you've got too much energy to devote to the material world and reproducing wealth, so your your religion has to fit into a little lobe in your brain, one book, one chair, outfit, yes, it was also started due to the colonization of Ireland, uh, it was a, it was a classic uh over crisis of overextention, the same way the French Revolution was, because remember, so the the English civil war started when the king needed money to fight in Ireland after the... Irish revolt, France had to call the Estates General because of all the money spent fighting England in in the American Revolution. In both cases it was an attempt to extend or maintain - imperial expansion. producing a crisis between the two classes of actual uh like tax, like sources of taxation, the land. and uh and trade, what was this, I was saying something, I forget what I was saying about it, Ramp gate, I mean for me the ramp is never the thing with Trump, the the ramp is very funny, but the thing to me to Trump, the giveaway for me to Trump, which he also did during that speech is this, when he has to he has to use two hands to drink, because you should never need two hands to drink, it's really easy, look and... it is a sign of neurological degeneration because the gears are starting to slip and it takes too much like neural dexter like hand eye coordination and microtractions to guide a liquid in your mouth without fearing like a failure and you need a hand, you need a hand. so something's wrong, something's wrong with Trumpy, but that's been true for a while. I still think he might have mad, honestly, the guy eats a lot of beef and it's not like he stopped in the late 90s when there was uh the parkins, parkinsons, when there was the mad cow outbreak, and he loves going to Scotland, which is basically just a giant island made out of prions, ah tur. very syphilis is funny, i love the idea that his doctor knew he had syphilis but he knew he didn't like hearing bad things about himself so he never got around to telling him just buse oh god cuuse or or he told him and he didn't believe him no no way there's no way i am the best blood there's no way i've got civilists it's gross it's disgusting why would i have civilis i can believe that too because how many times can you tell him and then i'll just eventually you just got to give up especially since he probably didn't pay you it's like fuck this guy he didn't even pay for the for the fucking uh blood test, he can fucking have his brain turn into a melting snow cone, siriana's a great movie, one of the better irak or era movies i would put up there in the top, really good uh, actually i mean it gets, i know it got uh criticized for being too kind of 70s hard on the sleeve lefty and that it's too simplifying uh, but and yeah like the story of you, the good westernizing shiek. who gets blown up by a drone because he wants to sell oil to China or something, it's it's a little uh just so, but it gets at the reality of America's role in the region much better than anything I can imagine. uh, it's it, it it starts in the right place and that it's fun, it's like Washington is the is the folkrum here, everything moves along that axis because it has become the strategic and like tactical uh battle spaces, they like to talk about it, where you know because America's economy is premised on petro dollars, therefore control strategically and tactically of the little. significant oil production places is essentially, it is national security, when they say that they're not lying, at least the states it exists now, the oil is still cheap as well, cheaper than milk, i think, get yourself some oil, get yourself a nice frosty mug of oil down at the old sitco, two, two bits, two bits of gander, What happened to Obamacate? You just you watch, Obamacate ain't going away, folks, that's a promise. Oh, no, people are fighting about the Marque de lafayet and my menshies, uh, gosh the menshies, i can't handle them, no, obamagate was just uh, it was just spy gate, that was the same thing, it was the idea that obama had spied on trump watergate style by having the FBI look into, i think Michael Flynn and Paul Manaford, that's the premise, and the thing is, if it's true, they did a really shitty job, and you can say it's like watergate, but the real difference is forget. that other shit it's that one you had a divided government where the president was a different party of the congress and two the motherfucker was on tape saying let's obstruct justice and not in a I'm going to make a quick proco over the airway in a I'm going to give these guys a suitcase of a million dollars and uh illegally raised slushfund campaign money and you got to do wonder what it happened if you just to fucking just destroyed the tapes, they probably would have kicked him out, because back then people uh still believed in all that shit, it's kind of adorable, when you look back at watergate and you look back the way it was portrayed in media and the way it was talked about, uh, it was pretty wild, there were people who supported nixon all the way though, uh, Ronald Reagan was prime among them, he was one of the most prominent republicans who never turned on, because famously the thing that made Nixon decide finally to resign was barry goldwater coming to the white house and It's over sir, uh, but Regan never fucking lost, lost faith. God, Hillary endorsing Elliot Engle is so good, she's just, she can't not be the worst, she can't not do the worst and be the worst in every moment of her life, it's it's, I don't know if she's trolling at this point, if she knows what she's doing, it's kind of impressive, she's she's an Ahab like. figure and we are at this point the whale and she's trying to destroy us. That's actually brings me to something I wanted to do. Uh, so I finished movie dick again, and it is great, it's better than its reputation, it is not a classic, it is a vibrant, brilliant piece of work, uh, one of the most like spiritually and theologically interesting and I think uh... evocative books i've ever read uh and i do want to read blood meridian next just to feel that it's like uh the McDLT the cold side of the hot side the desert side of the and the water side but uh i wanted to read here the last my favorite chapter in the book which is the last chapter before they spot moby dick and decide and the go for the chase and it's Starbuck is talking to Ahab and he almost convinces him to give up the chase. The symphony. It was a clear. steel blue day, the firmaments of air and sea were hardly separable, and in that all pervading azure, only the pensive air was transparently pure and soft with a woman's look, and the robust and man-like sea heaved with long, strong, lingering swells as Sampson's chest in his sleep. hither and thither, on high glided the snow white wings of small unspeckled birds, these were the gentle thoughts of the feminine air, but to and fro in the deeps, far down in the bottomless blue rushed mighty lev'. swordfish and sharks, and these were the strong, trouble, murderous thinkings of the masculine sea, but though thus contrasting within, the contrast was only in shades and shadows without, those two seemed one, it was only the sex as it were, that distinguished them, aloft like a royal zar and king, the sun seemed giving this gentle air to this bold and rolling sea even as bride to groom, and at the girdling line of the horizon a soft and tremulous motion, more seen here at the... equator denoted the fond, throbbing thrust, the loving alarms with which the poor bride gave her bosom away. a little horny, i think we can all agree. tied up and twisted, oh dear, narled and nodded with wrinkles, haggardly firm and unyielding, his eyes glowing like coals that still glowed in the ashes of ruin, untoddering ahab stood forth in the clearness of the moon, lifting his splintered helmet of a brow to the fair girls forehead of heaven, oh immortal infancy, and infancy of the azour, an innosency of sorry, oh immortal infancy and innocency of the absurre, invisible winged creatures that frolic all round us, sweet childhood of air and sky, how oblivious were you of old ahab's close coil, close coiled wow, but so have i seen little miriam and Martha, laughing eyed elves, headlessly gamble around their old sireting with... circle of singing locks which grew on the marge marge of that burnt out crater of his brain. slowly crossing the deck from the scuttle Ahab leaned over the side and watched how his shadow in the sharp saw in the water sank and sank to his gaze and more and more that he strove to pierce the profundity. but the lovely aromas in that enchanted air did at last seemed to dispell for a moment the cantankerous thing in his soul. that glad happy air, that windsom sky, did it last stroke and caressive? the stepmother world, so long, cruel, forbidding, now threw affectionate arms around his stubborn neck, and did seem to joyously sob over him, as if over one that however willful and airing, she could yet find it in her heart to save and to bless. from beneath his slouched hat, ahab dropped a tear into the into the sea, nor did all the Pacific contain such wealth as that one we drop. Starbucks saw the old man, saw him, how he heavily leaned over the side, and he seemed to hear. his own true heart, the measureless sobbing that stole out of the center of the serenity around. careful not to touch him or be noticed by him, he yet drew near to him and stood there, ahab's turned, starbuck, sir, oh starbuck, it is a mild, mild wind and a mild looking sky, on such a day, very much such a sweetness as this, i struck my first whale, a boy harpooner of 18, 40, 40, 40 years ago, ago, 40 years of continual wailing, 40 years of privation and peril and storm time. 40 years on the pittle of sea, for 40 years says Ahab forsaken the peaceful land, for 40 years to make war on the horrors of the deep, i and yes, starbucks, out of those 40 years, i have not spent three ashore. when i think of this life i have led, the desolation of solitid has been, the mismason walled town of a captain's exclusiveness, which admits but small entrance to any sympathy from the green country without, oh wariness, heaviness, genny coast slavery of solitary command, when i think of all this, only half suspected, not so keenly known to me before, and how for 40 years I have fed upon dry, salted fair, fit emblem of the dry nourishment of my soul, when the poorest landsman has had fresh fruit to his daily hand and broken the world's fresh bread to my moldy crusts, away whole oceans from that young woman girl wife i wetted past 50 and sailed for cape Horn the next day, leaving but one dent in my marriage pillow, wife, wife, rather a widow with her husband alive. i i widowed that poor girl when i married her starbuck and then the this madness, the frenzy, the boiling blood and the smoking brow with which for a thousand lowerings, old ahab has furiously, foamingly chased his prey, more a demon than a man, i i want 40 years fool, fool, old fool has old ahab been, why the strife of the chase, why weiry and pulsy the arms of the or and the iron and the lance, how the richer or better is Ahab now, behold. "Oh, Starbuck, it is not hard that with this very load I bear, one poor leg should have been snatched out from under me. Here, brush this old hair aside, it binds me, it blinds me that I seem to weap." lock so greay did never grow but from one out of ashes, but do I look very old, so very, very old, starbuck, I feel deathly faint, bowed and humped as though I were Adam, staggering beneath the piled centuries since Paradise, God, God, God, crack my heart, stave my brain, mockery, mockery, bitter biting mockery of gray hairs, have I lived enough joy to wear ye and seem and feel thus intolerably old, close, stand close. to be starbuck, let me look into human eye, it is better that to than to gaze into sea or sky, better than to gaze upon God, by the green land, by the bright hearth stone, this is the magic glass man, I see my wife and my child in thine eye, no, no, stay on board, on board, lower not when I do, when branded Ahab gives chase to moby dick, that hazard shall not be nine, no, no, not with faraway home, I see in that eye. Oh, my captain, my captain, noble soul, Grant. old heart after all, why should anyone give chase to that hated fish? away with me, let us fly these deadly waters. let us home, wife and child too are starbucks, wife and child of his brotherly, sisterly, playfellow youth, even as nine sir, are the wife and child of thy loving, longing, paternal old age, away, let us away, this instant, let us alter the course, how cheerly, how hilariously, oh my captain, would we blow a bow on our way to see old, non tuck it again, i think sir, they have such smile blue days even as this in Mantuk, they have, they have, I have seen them, some summer days in the morning, about this time, yes, it is his new nep now, the boy vivaciously wakes, sits up in bed, and his mother tells him of me, of cannible old man, how I bored, how I bored upon the deep, but will yet come back to dance him again, this is my Mary, my Mary herself, she promised that my boy every morning should be carried. the hill to carry the first glimpse of his father's sail. yes, yes, no more, it is done. we head for nantucket. come, my captain, study out the course and led us away. see, see the boy's face from the window, the boy's hand on the hill. but ahab's glance was averted, like a blighted fruit tree he shook and cast as last sindered apple to the soil. what is it? what nameless inscritable, unearthly thing is it? what cosening, hidden lord and master, and cruel, remorseless emperor commands me, that against all. natural lovings and longings, I so keep pushing and crowding and chamming myself on all the time, recklessly making me ready to do what in my own proper natural heart, I dust not so much as there, is Ahab, Ahab, is it I, God or who that lifts this arm, but if the great sun move not of himself, but it is an aeroren boy in heaven, nor one single star can resolve, but by some invisible power, how then can this one small heart beat, this one small brain think thoughts, unless God does that beating? does that thinking, does that living and not i? by heaven, man, we are turned round and round in this world, like yondless, like wander yindless, by heaven man, we are turned round and round in this world, like yonder windless, and fate is the hand spike, and all the time low, that smiling sky, and this unsounded sea, look, see on albacour, who puts him in, who puts it into him, to whoose to do when that judge himself is dragged to the bar, i'm sorry, look see on albacore, who put it into him to chase and fang that flying fish? where do murderers go man? who's the doom when the judge himself is dragged to the bar? but it is a mild mild wind and a mild looking sky and the air smells now as if it blew from a far off meadow. they have been awake making hay somewhere under the slope of the andees arbuck, and the mowers are sleeping among the new moon hay. sleeping, eye, toil we must me may. we all sleep at last in the field. sleep, i and r dust amist cut green green grass as last year sides flung down and left in the hat cuff swaths starbuck but blanched to a corpses hue with despair the mate had stolen away ahab crossed the deck to gaze over on the other side but stared at two reflected fixed eyes in the water there. Fidella was motionlessly leaning over the same rail. Ahab needed to grill. at the end of the day needed to chill and to grill, that was what he needed, he needed to turn that whalebone leg into some sort of uh snap open grilling contraption and have himself a good time on the deck of the peakwad, have himself a hoot and a half with a jug maybe, that's what i do, i already kind of have the Ahab situation that i have a leg that is completely numb so it feels the way that ahab's like with feel like it's it's it's tingling because of my spinal injury so i have the phantom pain but there's just there's a leg there which is better i must say because i can use it uh but yeah i have that. but I never decided to go kill a giant majestic whale over it, weirdo, but I can't say it definitely uh affected my life in a lot of ways and kind of uh limited me for a long time and traumatized me in ways i wasn't able to recognize at the time, but that's what life is for, work that shit out, because everybody's got something. I want to do yoga but like I said I'm kind of disabled I need like a disabled yoga I might start doing that something you can do from a chair or something I guess yeah what would be a white my white whale? the i guess the democratic party maybe from hell's heartd i stab at the for hate sake i spit my last breath at the, i'm trying to get rid of vengeance as as a motivator, but they are certainly an institution that needs to be destroyed, the macato de lenda s, no question, i mean yes capitalism, but you know it's like bin laden talks about with the near and the far enemy, uh the democrats are actually within striking distance in some way, capitalism is a bit far off. of course that might not stay the same, i mean we honestly could be in a freefall, in which case party politics is going to take a back seat to anything else pretty quickly, but some people i don't know like i have no idea, we really are in a in a in a wonderland of black swans, black swans are shitting all over everybody, it's the birds with with just black swans just buukaking everywhere. We're definitely in the cool zone, there's so question about that, like one of the big things that's going to that's the big uh, I honestly think the biggest x- factor that nobody's really talking about because it's too terrifying is how bad is uncontrolled COVID going to be because it's hitting, we're going to be hitting uncontrolled levels because nobody's going to be able to get everybody back in doors again, and does that? cause so much sickness, does that uh overburden the the medical system so much that critical infrastructure can't be maintained? that's a question that i think is absolutely open and we're not going to know that for a couple months and that is why august is going to probably be the most important month maybe in American history because that's when all the money that has been going out uh uh goes away all the federal cash, that's also when i think uh evictions go back into effect uh and it will be when the the first wave of fully developed nationwide, almost freely transmitted corona is going to be hitting the economy, that's going to be a spicy spicy meatball uh and i have no idea what the answer is because those variables are still too up in the air. "i don't know enough about the epidemiology for one thing, but it's pretty scary. i am fairly confident though that on the money side anyway, that they will end up extending unemployment, insurance and shit like that, because everyone's pointing to the fact that manuchen said they're not going to do it, they're not going to say it, they're going to say they're not going to do it until the moment they do it, they're going to say we're not going to do it until a minute before they fucking put it in." into the senate because they want it to never be seen as something people can take for granted, they never want it to be seen as a new entitlement, so it has to be an emergency outlay, and the only way to emphasize the emergency nature, and the fact that you're doing it on your own terms and not being demanded of it, you're not giving into a demand, you're doing it because you've decided to do it, because look, it was going to pass, you didn't, you didn't make us do this, we did it on our terms because it was necessary, that means it's not going to be there again. if we don't think that's necessary, it's we, so I think that's still going to happen, because if it doesn't, that's more hassle than it's worth, I mean at that point you have to really do believe George Soros is trying to bring about an actual collapse of the America America for some weird uh protocols reason, if if if there is anything like a capitalist class with a self-interest that it can execute, it won't, it would not want that to happen, and it would have the means most importantly to prevent. in the form of big cash payments, but the x factor then, like I said, is what if everybody's too sick to spend the money or work in the jobs, that's the question. see the cruelty and the point thing to me, I think that that can be a misleading uh uh catchphrase, I think it has certain applicability to republican policy and rhetoric, because that has the benefit of appealing to their base in the political real, but uh, the cruelty is not the point of capitalism. profit is the point of capitalism, cruelty is the inevitable and main byproduct of profit, but it is not what it is seeking, it's the effect, not the cause, it's the fumes, not the uh oil, and of course that makes capitalist cruiler and cruiler and cruiler because you have to be cruel to ex that kind of monstrosity, but you're just you're serving the logic of the of the system, because capitalism inevitably, the capitalist singularity is which is the one in which all humanity is subverted to machine logic, all humans reduced to machine organisms of gi, go, of stimulus response with no species being left. and you got to say though if humans were that then there would no be there'd be no more cruelty at all, the end state would have no cruelty, because machines aren't, i mean are machines, can you be cruel to a machine? you can't, so the very final end state of technocapitalism, if it ever were to come before the system collapsed, it would be cruelty free, it would be like a cage free uh farm fresh egg or a free rain. chicken buse you can't be cruel to machinery and that's what we be at the final lens of capitalism, no more capable of being uh being uh hurt than a than a fucking transistor radio, yeah i think that's nick land and i think that's a classic example of of uh deluting yourself to try to cope like you see the trajectory and you say actually it's good instead of this has to not be what we end up with, and we have to do anything we can to stop it, no matter how cringe it is, or how dissatisfied it makes us as we watch reality be turned into hyper reality in for our faces. I really don't think it's, I don't, I think I think saying that it's cruel on purpose, is reversing the order of operation, all the ideological formation is around the things that are required of the system, it's justifying a system that you're maintaining, so yeah, capitalism hurts poor people warm, it hurts people of color more, it hurts vulnerable communities more, it hurts indigenous communities more. That's because those are the people who are because of their uh their position in the economy that is their role to play and it and it is aligned it's reproduced by culture, but like the the sum total of of misery and exploitation is is the byproduct of the machinery and that means the people operating the machinery over time grow cruel, grow and are selected to be people who find those people disgusting and under them so that they're... carrying the stuff out instead of sad, but it's got to get carried out either way, see what, yes, like capitalism, the allure of it is all this psychic benefit, oh you get to push around little guys and you get to do all the stuff, but that's just about how it that's how it recruits people to to do it's bidding, it's it's it's a a uh pharamone mist for for sociopaths, the way that like the there's that parasite that gets into the brain of the mouse to make it not afraid of the cat, the machine is the thing moving, the machine is doing it, it just needs people to fucking actually carry it out, and those people then have certain values that make what they do okay to themselves and then that creates cultural superstructures that justify it to everybody else, so what you're describing, that pleasure, that cruelty that is a big part of capitalist practice. That is the end result of a system that selects for it, and so that's what you have. have to ask things like, will they bail us out before the entire economy collapses and all the all the fantasy numbers on the boards, all those fake numbers in those servers that is the sum total of wealth on this country mean nothing, like somebody tripped over a fucking cord and the power went out and all of it went away, do you think they want that? they're not that liquid yet, i think they're in the process of trying to get to full liquidity honestly, and you could argue like my whole conspiracy about this account, this whole covid thing and then the the uh um the the George Floyd protest is a like a controlled op to short sell the economy and and get liquid to be able to have long-term investment in a like a post crisis uh world, but they're not that liquid yet, the money is still all made up, it's all still on ledgers, it's got to get turned into real infrastructure, and they haven't done it yet to my knowledge unless there's like a uh unless there's way more space colonization than they say or there's like a holo earth or something, i don't think they're there yet, so they're going to want to keep the numbers meaning something, even though it'll make people fewer people suffer, that's not the point, the point is keeping the numbers to mean something, well hollow earth is least acknowledges that the world is round so has that over flat earth, oh Thurlo Weed is awesome, Thurlo Weed was a base, it was sort of like a Carl Rove type figure, he was a roving political operative, one of those guys in Early America who looked around the village said, I don't want to fucking stand behind a a uh donkey my whole life, I'm going to make it to the big city and see what I can make of myself, you know, because basically anybody who could read one book that wasn't the bible would be able to get a job and if we... with was the bible you could get a job as a preacher uh like Abraham Lincoln read a book became a lawyer uh through weed ran out and said hey everyone here is an insane uh fanatic in upstate New York which was true the burnedover district they called it it was the heart of the second grade awakening and and also the home of uh the mormon uh uh where Joseph Smith found the plates uh the home of mormanism and he found the... fertile soil, this ferment of like anxiety with the the shifting uh economy of the the new merchantile state and that's why he helped found the anti-masonic party uh and helped run it to congress, they actually had a bunch of congressmen which is pretty impressive on just to just a platform of not liking masons, but then they got folded into the wigs, first the know nothings and then the wigs and Thurlo Weed ended up becoming like the chief advisor to William Seward. Mormanism is fascinating. I would like to talk more mormanism. Uh, I... I appreciate it because it's one of the, it's the obviously, it's the one religion that acknowledged the need to americanized Christianity uh, and it was the first to do that, but that. was that happened in the second in the 20th century with like evangelicalism that created a new uh that americanized christianity too, it was two-step process, but of course because the mormons broke off earlier they're better, that's why Felix is very uh very correct that mormons are who evangelicals think they are, they think uh we're good christian, we're a good christian family with good values and it's reflected in we're blessed by It's like you have a house with like 15 mortgages on it a uh a online porn addiction that has seen you go to the hospital with dick abrasions uh like three children uh all addicted to the different drugs they steal out of your cobboard and a job you know selling uh used uh jets skis to like military officers. whereas the mormons are all living in 5 million square foot homes with uh 15 children and jobs, the guy has a job as a like a marketing guy and like a the company that takes the swear words out of movies and all the wives all have multi-level marketing schemes, they get together in their giant finish basements and sell each other, that's that's the dream, that's what evangels think they are. And they're just a bunch of dumb hicks. Scienttology is is like a 20th century attempt to take that same need for an American religion uh and to adapt it to the time and the time there being the the the post-nuclear moment where God really did die. like god obviously was on the on the table for a while but i think it was world war 2 that really put the bullet in his head especially in the united states and uh and that nuclear era created this like whole this god size hole that he could fill and it would have needed i mean it's called scientology for a reason because that was an era where faith was uh being directed at super sonic speed almost from from god and from the spiritual realm to technological where where all the faith now rested in science, so another world class hustler, another another true pimp of uh of the of the spiritual hustle, my man elron, all right guys, i'm gonna go uh g to try to do more this week, maybe one once a week. or uh, I'm gonna try to do another one tomorrow, anyway, bye-bye.